some scientists think triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the cretaceous.
international sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
consider getting an eye exam at home, especially if insurance covers it, and bringing the prescription along to be filed elsewhere.
in addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of flexible working hours. (bremer, 1998)
on night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted.
alexander, as king, offered to pay to rebuild the temple, but his offer was denied. later, after alexander died, the temple was rebuilt in 323 bce.
at the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
the us navy also said they were investigating the incident.
if you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent.
the stretch between point marion and fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the buffalo-pittsburgh highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain.
if you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to africa compares with a round-the-world fare.
ten years later, he led the soviet part of the apollo–soyuz mission symbolizing that the space race was over.
an example is visiting, photographing, and learning about organgatuangs in borneo.
as time passed, many words that were borrowed from german coalesced. this was the beginning of enlightenment.
the building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage.
it can save money over buying new maps for a gps, or a standalone gps device or renting one from a car rental company.
the use of the internet and the world wide web allows learners to have access to information at all times.
stirrups are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle.
the vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. construction was completed in august 2011, it didn't open to traffic until march 2017.
the effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the milky way's dark matter.
he went on to say, "this case is serious. rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."
during his trip, iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions.
no immediate reports of damage have been received by the united states geological survey (usgs) and its national earthquake information center.
out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin.
he was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
especially in your initial days, consider splurging on western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize.
all of the cave entrances, which were named "the seven sisters", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
the terrified king louis xvi, queen marie antoinette their two young children (11 year old marie therese and four year old louis-charles) and the king's sister, madam elizabeth, on the 6th october 1789 were forced back to paris from versailles by a mob of market women.
this is called a chemical's ph. you can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
this offers a good opportunity to see the aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock.
the cook islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. the main ones are rarotonga and aitutaki.
thus, a backcountry permit for any start date in may becomes available on 1 jan.
the word civilization comes from the latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society.
these requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
that said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly.
it can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. it can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called "illuminated manuscripts".
over multiple centuries, the roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today.
while visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too.
i don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from central america came into this country duty-free.
at 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up.
if you visit the arctic or antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon.
european turkey (eastern thrace or rumelia in the balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country.
its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
while he was working at the hospital liggins began to investigate premature labor during his spare time.
these events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares.
felicia, once a category 4 storm on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating tuesday.
we agree with the usoc's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification.
if you visit greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing.
any camping below the rim in grand canyon requires a backcountry permit.
"thanks for those who supported a convict like me," siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference.
fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically.
blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day.
feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language.
though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
when you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt.
to better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) velocity.
current senator and argentine first lady cristina fernandez de kirchner announced her presidential candidacy yesterday evening in la plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from buenos aires.
it was one of the major stops during henry louis gates' pbs special wonders of the african world.
the amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit.
travel agencies have been around since the 19th century. a travel agent is usually a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's previous experience of nature, culture, language or low-income countries.
everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems. almost everyone complains about transportation systems.
if you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse.
in a carriage, they traveled back to paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the king and queen.
no child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do.
proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness.
but prime minister john howard has said the act was only to safeguard the facilities of the hospital from being downgraded by the tasmanian government, in giving an extra aud$45 million.
access to these services is often through a toll-free telephone number that can be called from most phones without charge.
other skiing events will be at the taizicheng ski area in zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from beijing.
handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
since 1966 the sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 royal bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area.
the olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the commonwealth games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt.
in summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest.
france is the seventh country in the european union to suffer this virus; following austria, germany, slovenia, bulgaria, greece and italy.
the significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on march 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together.
blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day.
joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
their predecessors, the australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually.
nasa's shuttle program chief n. wayne hale jr. said the foam had fallen "after the time we are concerned about."
the ai ​​system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications.
the world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers.
according to mick o'flynn, the acting director park conservation and heritage with the npws, the four shooters selected for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instruction.
on some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem.
then, a few years later in 1639, an english astronomer named jeremiah horrocks observed a transit of venus.
if you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate.
the new zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast mr reid was going because of how low black beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock mr reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h.
the kruger national park (knp) lies in the north-east of south africa and runs along the border of mozambique in the east, zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the crocodile river.
the old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character.
there were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of iceland and pakistan both resigned.
aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
"it is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible", said a government spokesperson.
the war expenditures of u.s. imperialism in the conquest of the philippines were paid for by the filipino people themselves.
as well as a former olympic and world champion, saito was the all japan judo federation training committee chairman at the time of his death.
an official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
the tibetan buddhism is based on the teachings of buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from indian yoga.
an inquiry was established to investigate.
police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
the outer-part we see when we look at the sun is called the photosphere, which means "ball of light".
these requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries.
the band canceled the show at maui's war memorial stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
soon after the outbreak of hostilities, britain initiated a naval blockade of germany.
no major damage or injuries have been reported in tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the ptwc.
the colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. during this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday.
however, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding.
for those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel.
au trade and industry commissioner albert muchanga announced benin was to join.
the brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 hungarian grand prix.
rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so.
nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing.
two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight.
for some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience.
potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game.
for one thing, northern new mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars.
since its inception, the onion has become a veritable news parody empire, with a print edition, a website that drew 5,000,000 unique visitors in the month of october, personal ads, a 24 hour news network, podcasts, and a recently launched world atlas called our dumb world.
the cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
about ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared.
in 1995 he was voted the best player in partizan's history.
passengers were given water as they waited in 90(f)-degree heat.
proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness.
the walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed.
following seabed mapping the wreck was found using an rov.
because calls are routed over the internet, you do not need to use a phone company located where you live or where you travel.
tournament top seeds south africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded zambia.
stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through planned parenthood in his role as chairman of the oversight and investigations subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the house energy and commerce committee.
sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away.
also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot.
he built a wifi door bell, he said.
each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
this will ensure that your particular interests and/or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them.
it is obvious enough that the world has changed much because of humankind's scientific and technological advancements, and problems have become greater because of overpopulation and mankind's extravagant lifestyle.
arly velasquez of mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting super-g. new zealand's adam hall finished ninth in the men's standing super-g.
after the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread sediment throughout the river were halted.
jarque was practicing during pre-season training at coverciano in italy earlier in the day. he was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for sunday against bolonia.
thousands of years ago, a man called aristarchus said that the solar system moved around the sun.
in the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht.
unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in.
scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
in many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating "hello."
the effect is dependent on how often your brain attempts to lucidly dream per night.
the oyapock river bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. it spans the oyapock river to link the cities of oiapoque in brazil and saint-georges de l'oyapock in french guiana.
plans for vaccines to be delivered to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funds and low prioritisation relative to other diseases.
san francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other asian cuisine: korean, thai, indian, and japanese.
a couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter.
before the spanish arrived in the 16th century, northern chile was under inca rule while the indigenous araucanians (mapuche) inhabited central and southern chile.
with fewer rems per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem.
the moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as daru l-badya and it was given the name casablanca by spanish traders who established trading bases there.
there are many theories to how sanskrit came into existence. one of them is about an aryan migration from the west into india who brought their language with them.
the commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. the charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked.
this page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling.
vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes.
most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
if visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting "specimens" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion.
one of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the north atlantic campaign of wwii. the americans were trying to move men and materials across the atlantic ocean to help britain.
television reports show white smoke coming from the plant.
in fact, there is not one good thing to learn.learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented.
since montevideo is south of the equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
prime minister stephen harper has agreed to send the government's 'clean air act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after tuesday's 25 minute meeting with ndp leader jack layton at the pmo.
fruit pastries are common, with apples cooked into pastries year round, and cherries and plums making their appearances during the summer.
drink alcoholic drinks with moderation. alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your limit is very important.
when all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
moreover, top judge evangelos kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water.
sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses.
general john cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the british garrison at bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements.
in the north the region is bounded by the sahel, and in the south and west by the atlantic ocean.
on the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although british and united states currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method.
the u.s. corps of engineers estimated that 6 inches of rainfall could breach the previously damaged levees.
eighteen percent of venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy.
international sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
the postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. there is no one good way to learn.
the jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after us forces took over.
in the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in north america, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking.
the disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos.
the game is played on grass, and the grass around the hole is mown shorter and called the green.
the company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where skype holds a strong position, such as china, eastern europe, and brazil.
same goes for the military because instead of army rankings being based on class they were now based on cailaber.
anyone who's going to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures.
34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting queen elizabeth ii to be australia's last monarch.
the cities of harappa and mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system.
sikhism is a religion from the indian sub-continent. it originated in the punjab region during the 15th century from a sectarian split within the hindu tradition.
suits are standard business attire, and coworkers call each other by their family names or by job titles.
danius said, "right now we are doing nothing. i have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. for now, that is certainly enough."
this is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production.
mri is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (nmr), which was discovered in the 1930s by felix bloch (working at stanford university) and edward purcell (from harvard university).
hamilton confirmed howard university hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
dustin "goldust" runnels commented that "luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."
the most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps.
eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower.
your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service.
only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly discount the cost of last-minute funeral travel.
it was one of the major stops during henry louis gates' pbs special wonders of the african world.
a moderate earthquake shook western montana at 10:08 p.m. on monday.
for example, each year students from bennet school in north carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
protests also took place in paris, sofia in bulgaria, vilnius in lithuania, valetta in malta, tallinn in estonia, and edinburgh and glasgow in scotland.
all these things and more highlight ontario as what is considered quintessentially canadian by outsiders.
she came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
giancarlo fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start.
one of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up.
reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is important also for many with other professions.
the village of haldarsvík offer views of the nearby island eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to luna.
until now, aol has been able to move and develop the im market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the united states.
although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same.
this fleet was led by olaf trygvasson, a norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from danish domination.
the amazon river is the second longest and the biggest river on earth. it carries more than 8 times as much water as the second biggest river.
the city will be the first in southeastern europe to host cowparade, the world's largest public art event, between june and august this year.
a power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the fort greely pump station 9.
phnom krom, 12 km southwest of siem reap. this hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of king yasovarman.
most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has "effects" on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned.
these relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities.
it is said that in 1649, zhabdrung ngawang namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the tibetan-mongol forces.
in addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp.
there are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere.
a few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist makis triantafylopoulos in his popular television show "zoungla" in alpha tv, the member of parliament and lawyer, petros mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption.
the ruling party, south west africa people's organisation (swapo), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the national congress in november.
the rock band was due to tour the united states and canada until september 16.
rare fauna such as the european brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species
the cook islands are an island country in free association with new zealand, located in polynesia, in the middle of the south pacific ocean.
most of the life of the hebrew family happened in the open air.
think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
japans holds nearly 7,000 islands (the biggest being honshu), making japan the 7th largest island in the world!
the il-76 has been a major component of both the russian and soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in russia last month.
they need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims.
greenland was settled sparsely. in the norse sagas they say that erik the red was exiled from iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found greenland and named it greenland.
airlines such as emirates, etihad airways, qatar airways & turkish airlines have greatly expanded their services to africa, and offer connections to many major african cities at competitive rates than other european airlines.
there are many beaches, due to auckland's straddling of two harbours. the most popular ones are in three areas.
despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties.
since pakistani independence from british rule in 1947, the pakistani president has appointed "political agents" to govern fata, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas.
the moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell.
swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball.
nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife.
they provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them.
regular announcements in the metro are made only in catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including spanish, english, french, arabic and japanese.
resting on the top of one of the mountains north of mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
first, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected.
34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting queen elizabeth ii to be australia's last monarch.
brazil is the largest roman catholic country on earth, and the roman catholic church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
in fact, there is not one good thing to learn.learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented.
visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from.
while immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle.
fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°w.
the other nominations include best picture, director, cinematography, costume design, film-editing, original score, production design, sound editing, sound mixing and original screenplay.
present-day parts of belgium were part of luxembourg in the past but became belgian after the 1830s belgian revolution.
"we will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of gdp by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level," hu said.
we have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and i think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."
they include financial restrictions and a ban by the european union on the export of crude oil, from which the iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income.
same goes for the military because instead of army rankings being based on class they were now based on cailaber.
people were hitting the panes with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable.
in 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the drukgyal dzong to remain, such as the image of zhabdrung ngawang namgyal.
part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside.
these are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. swimming is safe.
getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity.
registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. in some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities.
internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. most of them operate independently.
blogs can also help improve student writing. while students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that.
for those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel.
over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea.
four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the giant slalom failed to rank in the race.
hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
in 2009 she was awarded the title of national superintendent of the year.
these theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
he would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into.
french electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
in japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the imperial court.
it seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more.
mysticism is the pursuit of communion with, identity with, or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality, divinity, spiritual truth, or god.
but being placed in the "high tropics" just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely).
some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted.
some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, dr. moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers.
some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, dr. moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers.
in 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands.
hsieh also argued that the photogenic ma was more style than substance.
the hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance.
each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
since montevideo is south of the equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
dustin "goldust" runnels commented that "luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."
a tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward.
out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008.
be sure the agent through whom you book is a galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships.
sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses.
former house speaker newt gingrich, texas governor rick perry, and congresswoman michele bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively.
he died in osaka on tuesday.
u.s. president george w. bush arrived in singapore the morning of november 16, beginning a week-long tour of asia.
however, new evidence suggests that the moriori were a group of mainland maori who migrated from new zealand to the chatham islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture.
beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out.
asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others.
fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand from locomotion to manipulation.
according to japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine has been identified at the plant.
this not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
the movie, featuring ryan gosling and emma stone, received nominations in all major categories.
people have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
if traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock.
towards the end of the middle ages western europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing.
there were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route.
eighteen holes are played during a regular round, with players usually starting on the first hole on the course and finishing on the eighteenth.
casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of morocco.
cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as "the building blocks of life".
the definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as north america than in europe.
no airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the southern hemisphere (and skyteam covers none of the crossings).
the united states strategic command of the u.s. department of defense office is tracking the debris.
other topics covered reportedly include the future state of jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the jordan valley issue.
apia is the capital of samoa. the town is on the island of upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
u.s. president george w. bush arrived in singapore the morning of november 16, beginning a week-long tour of asia.
scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way.
all the ships were sunk, except for one british cruiser. nearly 200 american and german lives were lost.
as a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in.
the issue started on january 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the obanazawa post office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular new year cards.
international horticultural expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants.
so, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label.
the lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. this method in fact guides most scientific research.
the first public reading of the document was by john nixon in the yard of independence hall on july 8.
traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another.
the player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins.
the local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are fearful.
in london, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices.
flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area.
while they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries.
since its inception, the onion has become a veritable news parody empire, with a print edition, a website that drew 5,000,000 unique visitors in the month of october, personal ads, a 24 hour news network, podcasts, and a recently launched world atlas called our dumb world.
the babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god.
although winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back.
they can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
they all ran back from where the accident had happened.
it is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species.
any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."
the game is based on the second battle of fallujah, a vicious battle between american and iraqi forces.
"apart from the fever and a sore throat, i feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting.
these theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things.
in many cases, enrolling on a gap-year course abroad can actually improve your chances of moving into higher education back in your home country.
in fact, region codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disk will play just fine on any device where the original will.
california governor arnold schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
the photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. mendoza was gunned down.
sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from hinduism though they acknowledge its hindu roots and traditions.
the surface of the moon is made of rocks and dust. the outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
tournament top seeds south africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded zambia.
the blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. the two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted.
there are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler.
no extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground.
there were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of iceland and pakistan both resigned.
crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top.
goats seem to have been first domesticated roughly 10,000 years ago in the zagros mountains of iran.
fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm.
with two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the cold war began.
born in the croatian capital, zagreb, bobek gained fame while playing for partizan belgrade.
compared to most of the other royal tombs, however, the tomb of tutankhamun is barely worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration.
while they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries.
a triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots.
in 1884, tesla moved to the united states of america to accept a job with the edison company in new york city.
interactive design requires that you re-assess your assumptions about media production and learn to think in a non-linear ways.
it is one of the main attractions of south africa and it is considered the flagship of south african national parks (sanparks).
not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
try to talk to as many people as possible. after a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone.
its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 a.d. and lasted up until about 1100 a.d.
casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of morocco.
for the first time, last year china exported more cars than germany and surpassed the united states as the biggest market for this industry.
still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings.
its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path.
cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
in remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option.
as soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally.
naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the bible in latin.
he trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the auckland's national women's hospital in 1959.
officials for the city of amsterdam and the anne frank museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over.
two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight.
but, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island java.
nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. the liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same.
if confirmed, the find completes allen's eight-year search for the musashi.
if crossing the northern baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected.
the satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly.
swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball.
if they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs.
parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
try aiming somewhere where you are not caught again or, depending on your skills and on whether you have been noticed, you might want to wait for rescue.
neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. therefore it narrows the research area and makes it much more exact.
edgar veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while kristoffer schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face.
the bus was headed to six flags st. louis in missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times.
but, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island java.
these requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there.
though it is widely used, especially among non-romani, the word "gypsy" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of romani people.
it uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
the international olympic committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in berlin today. rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the olympics.
another famous greek is a mathematician pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles.
blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. the smallest tubes are called capillaries.
the rock band was due to tour the united states and canada until september 16.
with armenian backing, a new republic was created. however, no established nation - not even armenia - officially recognizes it.
sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples.
according to ansa, "police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession.
bowen island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more.
last month iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board.
vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship.
during the 1980s he worked on shows such as taxi, cheers, and the tracy ullman show.
while assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization.
unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations.
these relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities.
the ancient city in the judean hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years.
the sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections, some due since 2011.
any camping below the rim in grand canyon requires a backcountry permit.
because of their success with submarines, after the war germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution.
while you may hear the word used by greenlandic natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners.
several places in rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in christchurch, wellington and elsewhere.
the final match of the series will take place at ellis park in johannesburg next week, when the springboks play australia.
segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation.
out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin.
jonny reid, co-driver for the a1gp new zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old auckland harbour bridge, new zealand, legally.
fire captain scott kouns said, "it was a hot day in the santa clara with temperatures in the 90s.
across the united states of america, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (ms), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in younger and middle aged adults.
as the ability to obtain knowledge and to learn changed in such a way as mentioned above the base rate at which knowledge was obtained changed.
however, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured felipe massa.
so, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label.
this behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team.
the cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells.
only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains).
the aircraft had been headed to irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
though it is widely used, especially among non-romani, the word "gypsy" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of romani people.
virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group.
the eathquake struck mariana at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m. gmt friday).
the approach to obtaining information was different. no longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus.
after the match, king of clay said, "i am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. i am here to try to win this."
a triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk.
fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters.
when low tide opened a gap along the mystic river along the northeast of the peninsula, they quickly extended the fence with a short stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach.
several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year.
however, most signs are indicated only in catalan because it is established by law as the first official language.
setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention.
the games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
the satellite was sent into space by a rocket. scientists use telescopes in space because the earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view.
his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when jaromir jagr and mario lemieux each reached that milestone.
in many cases, enrolling on a gap-year course abroad can actually improve your chances of moving into higher education back in your home country.
moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
"the cctv would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."
however, very few royal navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by german air attack.
visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere.
the strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries.
due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the galapagos.
as with all south african national parks, there are daily conservation and entry fees for the park.
since then, china's economic size has grown by 90 times.
a formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
while on his warm-up lap, lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer xavier zayat.
people now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener.
setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention.
travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
the movie, featuring ryan gosling and emma stone, received nominations in all major categories.
on june 28, marshal italo balbo, the governor-general of libya and apparent heir to mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing in tobruk.
on march 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (eva), or "spacewalk", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes.
people have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
"some may not agree but i don't care.
. scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
on monday, sara danius, permanent secretary of the nobel committee for literature at the swedish academy, publicly announced during a radio program on sveriges radio in sweden the committee, unable to reach bob dylan directly about winning the 2016 nobel prize in literature, had abandoned its efforts to reach him.
permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month.
after its adoption by congress on july 4, a handwritten draft signed by the president of congress john hancock and the secretary charles thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of john dunlap.
it also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form.
the new zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast mr reid was going because of how low black beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock mr reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h.
when the official arrived, the apartment exploded.
crown office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment.
two thirds of venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture.
the typhoon is estimated to be moving toward china at eleven kph.
he built a wifi door bell, he said.
unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations.
for example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car.
although wagonways merely consisted of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses pulling them to achieve greater speeds and pull larger loads than on the slightly more rough roads of the day.
the man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
after officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll.
last month a presidential commission recommended the prior cep's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
british newspaper the guardian suggested deutsche bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
christmas is one of the most important holidays of christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of jesus.
david headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the pakistani militant group laskhar-e-taiba.
at thursday's keynote presentation of the tokyo game show, nintendo president satoru iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new nintendo revolution console.
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
these telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger.
piquet jr. was sacked after the 2009 hungarian grand prix.
the outbreak has prompted the indian government to undertake such measures as deployment of pig catchers in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito curtains and spraying pesticides.
diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between armenia and azerbaijan.
montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above +30°c are common.
you may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
the modern city of casablanca was founded by berber fishermen in the 10th century bce, and was used by the phoenicians, romans, and the merenids as a strategic port called anfa.
the governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
this provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind.
blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
in summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest.
northern rock had required support due to its exposure during the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007.
on night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted.
the great pyramid was created to honor the pharaoh khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor khufu's wives and family members.
the plitvice lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of alpine and mediterranean vegetation.
nextgen is a system the faa claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions.
they found the sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: the activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
many people don't think about them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
ancient china had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of china or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty.
travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages.
in third, hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of bowyer. kahne and truex, jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points.
anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair.
travellers who had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly hard time readjusting to their native culture.
the three kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in ancient china’s history thousands of people died fighting to sit in the highest seat in the grand palace at xi’an.
the game publisher konami stated today in a japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game six days in fallujah.
through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as "dunlap broadsides".
if you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies:
iraq's abu ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
the haitian institute for justice and democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the nepalese un peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to haiti.
computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest european city in the americas, now part of santo domingo.
the kruger national park (knp) lies in the north-east of south africa and runs along the border of mozambique in the east, zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the crocodile river.
large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
in many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask).
some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
hershey and chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own dna into a bacterium.
the acma also found that despite the video being streamed on the internet, big brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on big brother's website.
income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another.
squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the olympic games in 2005.
add affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different.
when you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt.
the giza plateau, or "giza necropolis" in the egyptian valley of the dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great sphinx.
the band canceled the show at maui's war memorial stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
at the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the byzantine culture in the east.
iraq's abu ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
metroplus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in europe.
surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
"we now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic," he added.
as well as a former olympic and world champion, saito was the all japan judo federation training committee chairman at the time of his death.
around 11:29, the protest moved up whitehall, past trafalgar square, along the strand, passing by aldwych and up kingsway towards holborn where the conservative party were holding their spring forum in the grand connaught rooms hotel.
after initial military setbacks, ethelred was able to agree to terms with olaf, who returned to norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success.
resembling a television remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
they begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become "tornadoes" when they touch the ground.
the trial took place at birmingham crown court and concluded on august 3.
the vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. construction was completed in august 2011, it didn't open to traffic until march 2017.
the health minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect.
although ai has a strong connotation of science fiction, ai forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation in a machine.
tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
an up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive.
one of the most common problems when trying to convert a movie to dvd format is the overscan.
downhill snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet.
however, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the minneapolis star-tribune that it was louis jourdain, 16-year old son of red lake tribal chairman floyd jourdain.
visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from.
television reports show white smoke coming from the plant.
most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
"if it becomes commercial, we should have it. that is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy" mr costello said.
sophocles and aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
in developed countries you seldom hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or bridges falling down.
the death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise.
the pbs show has more than two-dozen emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than sesame street and mister rogers' neighborhood.
the original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
gosling and stone received nominations for best actor and actress respectively.
on the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round.
the wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. the biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation.
photons are even smaller than the stuff that makes up atoms!
aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. they were earth, water, air, and fire.
the united states geological survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in iceland in the week prior.
for example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads.
he added that "they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."
the broadcasting services act provides for the regulation of internet content, however to be considered internet content, it must physically reside on a server.
accompanied by those officials, he assured texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety.
first among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
"based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence.
turkish airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 african countries as of 2014.
architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design.
nhk also reported that the kashiwazaki kariwa nuclear power plant in niigata prefecture was operating normally.
the center of tibetan meditation is the deity yoga. through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created.
if you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate.
while it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint.
shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated.
in the context of romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
the fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
german pastries are quite good, and in bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, austria.
sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away.
in the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the central booking facility without being formally charged.
it was at this time that the transfer of the title of fashion capital from constantinople to paris was made.
avalanches are not an abnormality; steep slopes can hold only so much slow, and the excess volumes will come down as avalanches.
however, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and "legal" walls. graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags.
as a winner-takes-all state, florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the republican party nomination.
the hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
next, some saddles, particularly english saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider.
he was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for sunday against bolonia.
the stretch between point marion and fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the buffalo-pittsburgh highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain.
taxis are not generally used by families in charlotte, though they can be of some use in certain circumstances.
they are listed on the unesco world heritage list.
the effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the milky way's dark matter.
the articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended and states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
the militaristic nature of the roman empire aided in the development of medical advances.
"she’s very cute and sings quite well, too," he said according to a transcript of the news conference.
researchers from princeton university in the united states and uppsala university in sweden reported the new species evolved in just two generations, though this process had been believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic darwin finch, geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, geospiza conirostris.
"they are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night.
as the cars ahead of alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory.
an increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
photons are even smaller than the stuff that makes up atoms!
that means everything has to be put back," said researcher at the rift valley research service in ethiopia and a co-author of the study, berhane asfaw.
there were no large forests in the land of canaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
five minutes into the display a wind starts rolling in, about a minute later, the wind is reaching 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so hard and so large that it slaps your skin like a needle, then hail fell from the sky, people panicking and screaming and running over each other.
bachmann, who won the ames straw poll in august, decided to end her campaign.
first, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole.
the harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from germany, the us, and britain refused to leave the harbor.
scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the earth formed, since comets collided with the earth long ago.
the concept came from china where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the old city area, jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in israel.
liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived washington insiders.
at home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them.
please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population.
avalanches are not an abnormality; steep slopes can hold only so much slow, and the excess volumes will come down as avalanches.
in essence, the renaissance made a significant change in the approach to learning and the dissemination of knowledge.
but, after losing the captain's wicket india only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings.
ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the adt corporation.
such children are called "feral" or wild. some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment.
other scientists argue that these plants are very poisonous so it is unlikely that any dinosaur ate them, even though today the sloth and other animals like the parrot (a descendant of the dinosaurs) can eat poisonous leaves or fruit.
most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with france, and known as luxury beach resorts.
this contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution.
there, they found the body of saroja balasubramanian, 53, covered with blood-stained blankets.
the park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife.
while it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint.
this became common practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
the first cases of the disease this season were reported in late july.
pre-operative transgender people should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact.
severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
this gives resolution almost four times that of a 35 mm negative (3136 mm2 versus 864).
australia's former conservative government refused to ratify kyoto, saying it would damage the economy with its heavy reliance on coal exports, while countries like india and china were not bound by emissions targets.
beyond wednesday's event, carpanedo competed in two individual races at the championships.
chambers had sued god for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the earth's inhabitants."
there are no particular "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year.
this letter must be legalized by the ecuadorian ministry of foreign affairs, and comply with certain requirements.
this became common practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back along the body.
tommy dreamer said "luna was the first queen of extreme. my first manager. luna passed away on the night of two moons. pretty unique just like her. strong woman."
regular announcements in the metro are made only in catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including spanish, english, french, arabic and japanese.
a full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the amazon.
for instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race.
however, star alliance covers everything except the eastern south pacific from santiago de chile to tahiti, which is a latam oneworld flight.
for a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them.
this theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
the two sides would meet in the major semi final where noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
the paralympics will take place from 24 august to 5 september 2021. some events will be held in other locations throughout japan.
just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in whitehall.
the final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the all blacks' 15 game winning streak.
so, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label.
rare fauna such as the european brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species
humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
families with children are a rare sight, but some hostels do allow them in private rooms.
after officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll.
the colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. during this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday.
efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
adekoya has since been in edinburgh sheriff court charged with murdering her son.
there are positive aspects to these websites, which include, being able to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features.
he is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
the original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
some medium-format film cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative.
some roads have been damaged, railway service interrupted in the affected areas, and the noto airport in ishikawa prefecture remains closed.
mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells.
the surface of the moon is made of rocks and dust. the outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
sikhs call their religion gurmat, which is punjabi for "way of the guru". the guru is a fundamental aspect of all indian religions but in sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of sikh beliefs.
eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. in 1767, the first full-iron rails were introduced.
even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing.
please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. do not make jokes about the holocaust or nazis.
if you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning.
at the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own.
do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures.
mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies.
severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
the winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says.
on monday, scientists from the stanford university school of medicine announced the invention of a new diagnostic tool that can sort cells by type: a tiny printable chip that can be manufactured using standard inkjet printers for possibly about one u.s. cent each.
thus the scourges of delhi belly, the pharaoh's curse, montezuma's revenge, and their many friends.
the pilot was identified as squadron leader dilokrit pattavee.
this is matched by norway, sweden and new zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the netherlands the figure is one to forty).
interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity.
the actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning.
about ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared.
travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
german pastries are quite good, and in bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, austria.
he even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
nigeria previously announced it planned to join the afcfta in the week leading up to the summit.
“it will move over the west coast of northern california and will light the sky from california through central oregon and on through nevada and idaho and into utah,” tom duxbury, stardust's project manager said.
the nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
and then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the mara river, after the rains in around april.
new kingdom ancient egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old.
since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism.
it's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
cochamó valley - chile's premier climbing destination, known as the yosemite of south america, with a variety of granite big walls and crags.
ancient roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to europe from america or from asia in later centuries.
they're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot.
in the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent algeria to teach film directing.
wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses.
make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits.
the united states strategic command of the u.s. department of defense office is tracking the debris.
dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
in the year 1970, raymond damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis.
you are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the falls.
metrorail has two classes on commuter trains in and around cape town: metroplus (also called first class) and metro (called third class).
another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they would lounge on their sides while they ate their meals.
people may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home.
tenants at lockwood gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that oha police are also investigating other public housing properties in oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam.
there are positive aspects to these websites, which include, being able to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features.
tropical storm danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern atlantic ocean.
historians have criticized past fbi policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate.
after you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website.
there are many different film formats that have been used over the years. standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest.
batten was ranked 190th on the 2008 400 richest americans list with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion.
an infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites.
some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season.
economic links have been re-established between these two parts of moldova despite the failure in political negotiations.
the road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red audi tt.
in 1977, dr. damadian completed the construction of the first “whole-body” mri scanner, which he called the ”indomitable”.
however, star alliance covers everything except the eastern south pacific from santiago de chile to tahiti, which is a latam oneworld flight.
this marked an important change, as european powers would no longer have the pretext of being religious wars. thus, the thirty years' war would be the last war to be labeled a religious war.
ancient roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to europe from america or from asia in later centuries.
with only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium.
by 1976, thirty percent of machu picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today.
people now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener.
the willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (x) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies.
most deaths happen as result of fatigue trying to swim back against the current, which may be impossible.
the area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species.
it uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
written on the back of the declaration of independence were the words "original declaration of independence dated 4th july 1776". the text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down.
middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate.
people would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
the females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters.
red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism.
inland antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice.
this is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. that is called overscan.
we make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. most foods that we eat are plants. without plants, animals could not survive.
no major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock.
he has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the games.
efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
many entire nations are completely fluent in english, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people.
there are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis.
a few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist makis triantafylopoulos in his popular television show "zoungla" in alpha tv, the member of parliament and lawyer, petros mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption.
later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to afghanistan, landing in kandahar.
turkey is encircled by seas on three sides: the aegean sea to the west, the black sea to the north and the mediterranean sea to the south.
apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of samoa since 1959.
the sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections, some due since 2011.
for news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check asociacion argentina de polo.
according to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. the ephesians, outraged, announced that herostratus' name never be recorded.
this means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night.
born in hong kong, ma studied at new york university and harvard law school and once held an american permanent resident "green card".
after the accident occurred, gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards.
during the 1976 selections he advised carter on foreign policy, then served as national security advisor (nsa) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding henry kissinger.
she directed officers to her black oldsmobile intrigue which was 500 feet away.
the other nominations include best picture, director, cinematography, costume design, film-editing, original score, production design, sound editing, sound mixing and original screenplay.
the arabs also brought islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the comoros and mayotte.
in the heat of the day, travelers can experience mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things).
aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
it is martelly's fifth cep in four years.
often, you have to buy a global number separately that allows pstn phones to call you. where the number is from makes a difference for people calling you.
it had been scheduled to be cut down on tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling.
the international olympic committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in berlin today. rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the olympics.
the concept came from china where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
in just two weeks the americans and free french forces had liberated southern france and were turning towards germany.
vikings used the russian waterways to get to the black sea and caspian sea. parts of these routes can still be used. check possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to get.
in japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the imperial court.
michael schumacher ended his race not long after alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race.
now for japan. japan was an island country, just like britain.
the gas becomes thinner as you go farther from the center of the sun.
charles was the first member of the british royal family to be awarded a degree.
not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
the man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast.
also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. the best-known of these periods was the three kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the han and the jin dynasty.
in remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option.
until now, aol has been able to move and develop the im market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the united states.
this is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things.
the hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
european influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as portuguese explorer vasco da gama found the cape route from europe to india.
he went on to say, "this case is serious. rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."
hsieh also argued that the photogenic ma was more style than substance.
the bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in september 2017, when the brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished.
in rogaland and agder they are usually called "hei" meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather.
the water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water.
some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole.
virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of northern rock, not the asset management company.
in general, staying in any foreign country for an extended period of time will require you to obtain a visa in advance.
the scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does.
it is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases.
city-states are the precursors of nations. a civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination.
using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans.
angel (2006), explains the continuum approach as a method being used to help organizations reach a higher level of performance.
beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out.
the commission was martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in october.
the capital of moldova is chişinău. the local language is romanian, but russian is widely used.
the presence of a true “invisible team” (larson and lafasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team.
as knowledge of greek declined, the west found itself cut off from its greek philosophical and scientific roots.
officials for the city of amsterdam and the anne frank museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over.
zayat was unhurt in the accident.
in 1989 he helped create the simpsons with brooks and groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team.
the obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you).
the result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day.
the vehicle itself was taken away from the scene of the accident at approximately 1200 gmt on the same day.
while most cards are good for calling anywhere, some specialise in providing favourable call rates to specific groups of countries.
the aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2.
in the manner that paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, constantinople was regarded as the fashion capital of feudal europe.
the "typical" visit involves flying into orlando international airport, busing to an on-site disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving disney property, and returning home.
mri is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (nmr), which was discovered in the 1930s by felix bloch (working at stanford university) and edward purcell (from harvard university).
as the cars ahead of alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory.
she came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
iraq's abu ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
these plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves.
as a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the humpback chub.
jerusalem is the capital and largest city of israel, though most other countries and the united nations do not recognize it as israel's capital.
as the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the united states or caribbean.
zayat was unhurt in the accident.
bush spokesman gordon johndroe called north korea's pledge "a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the korean peninsula."
previously, ring's ceo, jamie siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage.
needless to say, if you know a romance language, it will be easier for you to learn portuguese.
despite his comments he said he will be supporting the british competitors at the 2012 olympics being held in london.
they also said in a statement, "the crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship".
estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language.
the trial took place at birmingham crown court and concluded on august 3.
curtis cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the university of central missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on january 25.
“it will move over the west coast of northern california and will light the sky from california through central oregon and on through nevada and idaho and into utah,” tom duxbury, stardust's project manager said.
occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the pole, which has a large base.
airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly.
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
the great majority of hong kong island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
the service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs.
a car bomb detonated at police headquarters in gaziantep, turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
108 plates of chhappan bhog (in hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to baba shyam.
once the ancient city of smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains.
mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
in the year 1970, raymond damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis.
a hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit.
each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. these animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
at the time of the award, atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores.
a traveller with piles of money might consider a round the world flight, broken up with stays in many of these hotels.
scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground.
they did two experiments marking either the dna in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur.
the qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
stewart, gordon, kenseth, and harvick round out the top-ten positions for the drivers' championship with four races remaining in the season.
the advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain.
there are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere.
one antibody cocktail, zmapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death.
gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century.
historians have criticized past fbi policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate.
south shetland islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020.
a contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person.
that didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
when returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture.
subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
however, the first true telescopes were made in europe in the late 16th century.
that said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly.
the major religion in moldova is orthodox christian.
the postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. there is no one good way to learn.
their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground," said glen cushing of the united states geological survey (usgs) astrogeology team and of northern arizona university located in flagstaff, arizona.
typically there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs.
severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.
108 plates of chhappan bhog (in hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to baba shyam.
the scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up.
there are many theories to how sanskrit came into existence. one of them is about an aryan migration from the west into india who brought their language with them.
when asked for comment, miller said, "mike talks a lot during the hearing...i was getting ready so i wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
traveling to walt disney world represents a major pilgrimage for many american families.
similarly, a british traveller in spain may mistake a wave goodbye involving the palm facing the waver (rather than the person being waved at) as a gesture to come back.
it is said that in 1649, zhabdrung ngawang namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the tibetan-mongol forces.
this letter must be legalized by the ecuadorian ministry of foreign affairs, and comply with certain requirements.
"it's going to behave like water. it's transparent just the way water is.
as light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times.
bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals.
at one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at versailles in front of the terrified queen.
the distinct characteristics of the internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach.
the greek historian strabo later noted the name, which is how we know today. the temple was destroyed on the same night that alexander the great was born.
phases happen because only the side of venus (or of the moon) facing the sun is lighted. the phases of venus supported the theory of copernicus that the planets go around the sun.
after initial military setbacks, ethelred was able to agree to terms with olaf, who returned to norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success.
infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests.
the indus valley civilization was a bronze age civilisation in the northwest indian subcontinent encompassing most of modern-day pakistan and some regions in northwest india and northeast afghanistan.
time is something that is all around us, and affects everything we do, yet is difficult to understand.
do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures.
make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
sometimes the original trigging event is the sun warming the snow, sometimes some more snowfall, sometimes other natural events, often a human.
the qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
they found the sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: the activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
while one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection.
local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water.
after the accident occurred, gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards.
wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. the environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile.
general james ewing would take 700 militia across the river at trenton ferry, seize the bridge over the assunpink creek and prevent any enemy troops from escaping.
the job of navies has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move his people and goods.
however, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. while many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed.
most of the items buried with tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones.
robert hooke, a biologist from england, saw small squares in cork with a microscope.
safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in africa and the highlight for many visitors.
nigeria previously announced it planned to join the afcfta in the week leading up to the summit.
several large television screens were installed in various places in rome to let the people watch the ceremony.
like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have type 1 diabetes.
the civilisation flourished in the basins of the indus river wherefore it derives its name.
built by the egyptians in the third century bce, the great pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead pharaoh.
a car bomb detonated at police headquarters in gaziantep, turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
regarding the global financial situation, zapatero continued by saying that "the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part.
it can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours.
in 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed transnistria republic in eastern moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any un member country.
28-year-old vidal had joined barça three seasons ago, from sevilla.
every train has both metroplus and metro coaches; the metroplus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest cape town.
in an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple may parent the child.
it's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
each country also has unique laws requiring what emergency items need to be in the car.
it's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000.
but, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. the stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are "neighbors".
especially in your initial days, consider splurging on western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize.
each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. these animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources.
the sundarbans are the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the bangladeshi and indian hinterland from the coast.
given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to albuquerque or santa fe.
fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last july.
it is still produced today, but more importantly its aspect ratio has been inherited by digital camera image sensor formats.
majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout.
towards the end of the middle ages western europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing.
eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species.
fire captain scott kouns said, "it was a hot day in the santa clara with temperatures in the 90s.
the crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
women: it is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status.
his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when jaromir jagr and mario lemieux each reached that milestone.
the first known transportation was walking, humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of homo erectus (meaning upright man).
the northern part or sentinel range has antarctica's highest mountains, the vinson massif, peaking at 4892 m mount vinson.
although ai has a strong connotation of science fiction, ai forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation in a machine.
there are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo.
many german baked goods also feature almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. popular cakes often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee.
his 1,000th stamp was the magnificent "great deeds by swedish kings" by david klöcker ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the guinness book of world records.
many common formats (aps family of formats, for example) are equal to or closely approximate this aspect ratio.
they can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey.
finally, there are many small cats (including loose pet cats) that eat the far more numerous small prey like insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
the wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. the biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation.
chambers had sued god for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the earth's inhabitants."
the thais invaded cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed phnom phen.
make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers.
twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
during the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, china has developed a market economy.
personal vpn (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing both political censorship and commercial ip-geofiltering.
a former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.'
the tiger is in the same group (genus panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. these four cats are the only ones who can roar.
this is just as exhausting as if you were to wake up every twenty or thirty minutes and watch tv.
the sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
several large television screens were installed in various places in rome to let the people watch the ceremony.
the u.n. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts.
they all ran back from where the accident had happened.
this is common practice elsewhere in the uk but scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
he originally named the hangeul alphabet hunmin jeongeum, which means "the correct sounds for the instruction of the people".
the 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load.
insects were the first animals to take to the air. their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from a to b.
they include the netherlands, with anna jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the super-g yesterday, and finland with katja saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
if you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls.
the most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked.
sophisticated animations can be constructed on computers, and this kind of animation is increasingly being used in television and films.
the center of tibetan meditation is the deity yoga. through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created.
fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful.
such children are called "feral" or wild. some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment.
this might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
this term derives from ancient familiarity with bed-bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans.
squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the olympic games in 2005.
also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot.
no tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement.
as soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally.
the best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals.
if you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to africa compares with a round-the-world fare.
according to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!
international horticultural expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants.
however, people who know a little spanish may hastily conclude that portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately.
the crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
the old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character.
whistler (1.5 hour drive from vancouver) is expensive but well-known because of the 2010 winter olympics.
about three thousand years later, in 1610, italian astronomer galileo galilei used a telescope to observe that venus has phases, just as the moon does.
the approach to obtaining information was different. no longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus.
a triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk.
beaches, theme parks and camp grounds are often the most common places frequented by recreational tourists.
prior to the arrival of troops, haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s.
at the top end, b&bs obviously compete mainly on two main things: bedding and breakfast.
liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived washington insiders.
aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. they were earth, water, air, and fire.
seeing the sites and wildlife of the galapagos is best done by boat, just as charles darwin did it in 1835.
they have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two back legs like a t-rex.
however, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers from the soviet's union red army entered and created the belarussian and ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of poland in violation of the riga peace treaty, the soviet-polish non-aggression pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral.
ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie nicklas backstrom;
the disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos.
three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on bishkek's streets.
at a minimum, you need footwear with suitable soles. summer shoes are usually very slippery on ice and snow, even some winter boots are deficient.
the find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
more traditional churches often hold an easter vigil on saturday night during the easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate christ's resurrection.
for example visiting castles in the loire valley, the rhine valley or taking a cruise to interesting cites on the danube or boating along the erie canal.
thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out.
both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant.
some scientists think triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the cretaceous.
humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
the believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties.
poland's men's visually impaired skier maciej krezel and guide anna ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the super-g. south korea's jong seork park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting super-g.
some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects.
all i say to people is you treat us the way we treat you.
the document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 mideast war.
a civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society.
japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal that what westerners may be used to.
so if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom.
they were compelled to pay taxes to the u.s. colonial regime to defray a major part of the expenditures and the interest on bonds floated in the name of the philippine government through the wall street banking houses.
though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development.
in general, staying in any foreign country for an extended period of time will require you to obtain a visa in advance.
subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
the clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
the report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings.
many tickets sold online through auction websites such as ebay or craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets.
on icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night.
british newspaper the guardian suggested deutsche bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
the correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
now widely available throughout the archipelago, javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
but regardless of his discovery, eskimo tribes were already living there at the time.
you are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the falls.
pronunciation is relatively easy in italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
"i was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart."
ten years later, he led the soviet part of the apollo–soyuz mission symbolizing that the space race was over.
nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices.
the irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
both assassin-bugs and bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host.
the glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. this will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges.
sophisticated animations can be constructed on computers, and this kind of animation is increasingly being used in television and films.
the main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between rem states.
myspace is the third most popular website used in the united states and has 54 million profiles currently.
commons administrator adam cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to wikinews last month.
japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal that what westerners may be used to.
this can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4.
scotturb bus 403 travels regularly to sintra, stopping at cabo da roca.
some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known.
he was initially hospitalised in the james paget hospital in great yarmouth.
a walking safari (also called a "bush walk", "hiking safari", or going "footing") consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days.
the director of public prosecutions, kier starmer qc, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both huhne and pryce.
in 1989 he helped create the simpsons with brooks and groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team.
even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing.
on icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
lakkha singh presented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. singer, raju khandelwal was accompanying him.
jerusalem is the capital and largest city of israel, though most other countries and the united nations do not recognize it as israel's capital.
many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare.
the job of navies has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move his people and goods.
the hershey and chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that dna was a genetic material.
liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine.
in the rainy season (november to march), the water volume will be higher and the falls will be more dramatic.
water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide.
however, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding albuquerque and santa fe).
the jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after us forces took over.
in other cases, only those staying outside of tourist accommodations need to register.  however, this makes the law much more obscure, so find out beforehand.
a search of the internet for 'hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company.
however, very few royal navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by german air attack.
the cook islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. the main ones are rarotonga and aitutaki.
another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity.
it takes a giant rocket over a 100 feet high to put a satellite or telescope in space.
but is our imagination based on reality? why were castles built in the first place? how were they designed and built?
the ph level is indicated by the amount of hydrogen (the h in ph) ions in the tested chemical.
i expect to return to all my duties on monday," arias said in a statement.
she is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published.
vatican city's population is around 800. it is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers.
these websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting.
bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals.
the focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information.
if you don't have a data connection for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable.
the feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. the researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
after a week of losses in the midterm election, bush told an audience about the expansion of trade in asia.
and then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the mara river, after the rains in around april.
28-year-old vidal had joined barça three seasons ago, from sevilla.
in 1683, qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces take control of taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas and declared taiwan as a province of the qing empire in 1885.
living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even gain new skills.
individuals who had been involved for several decades helped us appreciate our strengths and passions while candidly assessing difficulties and even failures.
the man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast.
only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured pa sessions.
her other race, the giant slalom, saw her finish in tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined run time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first place finisher austrian claudia loesch and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place finisher gyöngyi dani of hungary.
the 25 dunlap broadsides still known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. the original handwritten copy has not survived.
people may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home.
on some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem.
don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of africa.
at least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
since the foundation of asunción in 1537, paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity.
romanticism had a large element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as goethe, fichte, and schlegel.
also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. the best-known of these periods was the three kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the han and the jin dynasty.
duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods exempted from taxes and excises at certain locations.
. scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
there are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis.
they include financial restrictions and a ban by the european union on the export of crude oil, from which the iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income.
in just two weeks the americans and free french forces had liberated southern france and were turning towards germany.
internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made.
a person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: "there were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying."
there are many different film formats that have been used over the years. standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest.
interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists.
but the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after asus was awarded in the 2007 taiwan sustainable award by executive yuan of the republic of china.
the high middle ages were preceded by the early middle ages and followed by the late middle ages, which by convention ends around 1500.
there are of course christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-christian spring and fertility ritual.
any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."
however, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."
as a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need.
the valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the galapagos.
sort of like rolling a heavy cart up a hill. splitting the nucleus up again then releases some of that energy.
since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism.
when returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture.
stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through planned parenthood in his role as chairman of the oversight and investigations subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the house energy and commerce committee.
a visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake.
the health minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect.
the same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen.
they include the netherlands, with anna jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the super-g yesterday, and finland with katja saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
oliver sacks, in his paper the president's speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately.
the parade of buildings that make the hong kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of victoria harbour.
we will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house.
travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
in 1895, after defeat in the first sino-japanese war (1894-1895), the qing government signs the treaty of shimonoseki, by which it cedes sovereignty over taiwan to japan, which rules the island until 1945.
"he [wales] basically lied to us from the start. first, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion."
during the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation.
an increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants.
the largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism.
he has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the games.
the crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
after seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during world war i, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future.
if you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
tamaki drive beaches are on the waitemata harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of mission bay and st heliers in central auckland.
layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the pm, asking for a "thorough and complete rewriting" of the conservative party's environmental bill.
fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last july.
when asked what the father said, she answered "he couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."
middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate.
if you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse.
also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. the best-known of these periods was the three kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the han and the jin dynasty.
the oyapock river bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. it spans the oyapock river to link the cities of oiapoque in brazil and saint-georges de l'oyapock in french guiana.
in its most recent monthly report, opec said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day.
the colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements.
for most countries, you will need an offer letter from the institution you wish to study at, and also evidence of funds to support yourself for at least the first year of your course.
traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another.
all things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their "protein problem" in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today.
possible long term health events from excessive drinking can include liver damage and even blindness and death. the potential danger is increased when consuming illegally produced alcohol.
the great majority of hong kong island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about persian grammar and understand phrases better.
animal liberation and the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals (rspca) are again calling for the mandatory installation of cctv cameras in all australian abattoirs.
ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie nicklas backstrom;
last month iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board.
your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. a round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay.
these agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under article 247 of the pakistani constitution.
travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
after the match, king of clay said, "i am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. i am here to try to win this."
these scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent.
middle order batsmen, sachin tendulkar and rahul dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership.
athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits.
most of the life of the hebrew family happened in the open air.
in the last years of the 18th century the vietnamese also invaded cambodia.
mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies.
the document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 mideast war.
caretaker prime minister julia gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed australia should become a republic at the end of queen elizabeth ii's reign.
the scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up.
dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. la leona, san pedrillo, and los patos offer only camping with no food service.
for example, each year students from bennet school in north carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
tommy dreamer said "luna was the first queen of extreme. my first manager. luna passed away on the night of two moons. pretty unique just like her. strong woman."
the arabs also brought islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the comoros and mayotte.
the program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 utc).
it is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity.
machu picchu consist of three main structures, namely intihuatana, the temple of the sun, and the room of the three windows.
our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point.
on the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round.
after hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works.
scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the earth formed, since comets collided with the earth long ago.
late on sunday, the united states president donald trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced us troops would be leaving syria.
filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food.
however, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class!
prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs.
duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not leave a big impression on miller, to whom the story was related.
let's start with an explanation about italy's plans. italy was mainly the "little brother" of germany and japan.
as far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than titan, and its name is earth," added stofan.
for example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era.
some medium-format film cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative.
the canal district (dutch: grachtengordel) is the famous 17th-century district surrounding the binnenstad of amsterdam.
it is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean.
in japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the imperial court.
but the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after asus was awarded in the 2007 taiwan sustainable award by executive yuan of the republic of china.
apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of samoa since 1959.
au trade and industry commissioner albert muchanga announced benin was to join.
the announcement was made after trump had a phone conversation with turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made.
in 1995 he was voted the best player in partizan's history.
there are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, jews and non-jews alike.
argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
scientists have suspected enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of saturn's icy e ring.
the announcement was made after trump had a phone conversation with turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
women: it is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status.
the moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell.
usa gymnastics supports the united states olympic committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
dr. ehud ur, professor of medicine at dalhousie university in halifax, nova scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the canadian diabetes association cautioned that the research is still in its early days.
two popular content theories are maslow's hierarchy of needs theory and hertzberg's two factor theory.
the use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds.
fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically.
108 plates of chhappan bhog (in hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to baba shyam.
scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way.
david headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the pakistani militant group laskhar-e-taiba.
two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight.
in april this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by judge glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner.
according to mick o'flynn, the acting director park conservation and heritage with the npws, the four shooters selected for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instruction.
today many sámi work in modern trades. tourism is an important income in sápmi, the sámi area.
people with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests.
however, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."
diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between armenia and azerbaijan.
the amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years.
congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts.
couchsurfing was founded in january 2004 after computer programmer casey fenton found a cheap flight to iceland but did not have a place to stay.
no one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than bobek.
piquet jr. was sacked after the 2009 hungarian grand prix.
humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
in the 16th century paraguay, formerly called "the giant province of the indies", was born as a result of the encounter of spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups.
this sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats.
this might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around.
the setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool.
the crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
towards the end of the middle ages western europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing.
this provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind.
gold may be worked into all sorts of shapes. it can be rolled into tiny shapes.
in contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids.
ellsworth land is the region south of the peninsula, bounded by the bellingshausen sea.
robin uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
with the battle for france over, germany began to get ready to invade the island of britain.
the moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell.
usa gymnastics and the usoc have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment.
they normally offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. they are encrypted and thus harder to spy on.
in developed countries today, providing deluxe bed and breakfasts has been raised to a sort of art-form.
singer sanju sharma started the evening, followed by jai shankar choudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. singer, raju khandelwal was accompanying him.
the community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media.
today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in march of this year to fund extra carriages.
participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history.
middle order batsmen, sachin tendulkar and rahul dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership.
the madhya pradesh police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
the hot chocolate is up to belgian standards. fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
air accidents are common in iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations.
before the simpsons simon had worked on several shows in various positions.
this way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. remember there's no need to hit the keys with a lot of force for extra volume like on the piano.
the study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers.
all nouns, alongside the word sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
the high middle ages were preceded by the early middle ages and followed by the late middle ages, which by convention ends around 1500.
21-year-old jesus joined manchester city last year in january 2017 from brazilian club palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million.
basically, they fall into two categories: either work while you travel or try and limit your expenses. this article is focused on the latter.
smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year.
the american plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions.
by september 17, 1939, the polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the romanian bridgehead.
these aren't very nimble so the trail has to take a long swerve around the transantarctic mountains to come onto the plateau.
in the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht.
a tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward.
out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008.
if the objective of one’s visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism.
there are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo.
there's a tradition to pass the easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise.
vatican city uses italian in its legislation and official communications.
goma is a tourist city of the democratic republic of congo in the extreme east near rwanda.
this fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the velociraptor.
they became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
with fewer rems per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem.
the winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says.
in many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask).
the central authority of the church had been in rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
you need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags.
after its adoption by congress on july 4, a handwritten draft signed by the president of congress john hancock and the secretary charles thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of john dunlap.
the archipelago lies 120 km north of the peninsula. the largest is king george island with the settlement of villa las estrellas.
for instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient roman ever tasted a turkey.
families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children.
on some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem.
european influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as portuguese explorer vasco da gama found the cape route from europe to india.
any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
there is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite internet connection in the wilds of chicken, alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny arizona.
it is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court.
the scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does.
with only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium.
piquet jr. crashed in the 2008 singapore grand prix just after an early pit stop for fernando alonso, bringing out the safety car.
although three people were inside the house when the car impacted it, none of them were hurt.
with 17,000 islands to choose from, indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation.
submarines were used in world war i and world war ii. back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range.
most districts are served by small japanese coaster buses, which are comfortable and sturdy.
there are many beaches, due to auckland's straddling of two harbours. the most popular ones are in three areas.
it is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it "affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million american children".
they have cancelled the tour after lead singer steven tyler was injured after he fell off stage while performing on august 5.
beaches, theme parks and camp grounds are often the most common places frequented by recreational tourists.
in the 16th century paraguay, formerly called "the giant province of the indies", was born as a result of the encounter of spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups.
breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish.
san francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities.
now widely available throughout the archipelago, javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
saltwater crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from rockhampton.
research has found that females are two times more likely to have ms then males.
these bosses had been reined in by provenzano when he put an end to the riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of mafia crusaders giovanni falcone and paolo borsellino in 1992."
shortly after, the atlanta journal-constitution published a report showing problems with test results.
it was the final match for the all blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
early in the nation's independence, singapore botanic gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical garden city.
over multiple centuries, the roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today.
germany code-named the attack “operation sealion”. most of the british army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak.
arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. about 1000 b.c., the assyrians introduced the first cavalry.
hamilton confirmed howard university hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
such things have become separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions to real life problems.
in 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands.
leslie aun, a spokesperson for the komen foundation, said the organization adopted a new rule that does not allow grants or funding to be awarded to organizations that are under legal investigation.
if you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called berliner, pfannkuchen or krapfen.
her first was the slalom, where she earned a did not finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
the irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
when the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that carolyn wilson of the oha had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town.
the composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (ftir).
israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the pa agrees to leave such presence only for five years.
in some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices.
prior to the arrival of troops, haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s.
six hostages, including the children and elderly, were released early, as were the filipino photographers.
people were hitting the panes with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable.
the invention of spoke wheels made assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots.
the disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses.
police superintendent chandra shekhar solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
this seems sensible, because the earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?
if you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent.
the northern marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation.
water is another example. the compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
you can also have alloys that include small amounts of non-metallic elements like carbon.
golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls into holes.
while this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is "bien élevé" (well brought up). it will make getting about considerably easier.
in this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church.
the major religion in moldova is orthodox christian.
shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as paro (nu 150) and punakha (nu 200).
it has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
the northern part or sentinel range has antarctica's highest mountains, the vinson massif, peaking at 4892 m mount vinson.
the east african islands are in the indian ocean off the eastern coast of africa.
however, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 year.
diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
permits must be reserved in advance. you must have a permit to stay overnight at sirena.
fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm.
written words are often easier to understand than spoken words, also. this is especially true of addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce intelligibly.
born in the croatian capital, zagreb, bobek gained fame while playing for partizan belgrade.
the central authority of the church had been in rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
that means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire.
the secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job each cat holds that keeps it from competing with others.
some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging.
. scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
u.s. president george w. bush welcomed the announcement.
they are superior to web proxies for several reasons: they re-route all internet traffic, not only http.
participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history.
moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
the smaller the rossby number, the less active the star with respect to magnetic reversals.
members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot.
nextgen is a system the faa claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions.
this authentic community is located in howe sound just off vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing granville island in downtown vancouver.
she gained critical acclaim during her time in atlanta and was recognized for innovative urban education.
congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts.
it allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity.
some countries have exceedingly draconian punishments even for first time offenses; these can include prison sentences of over 10 years or death.
it was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from africa to asia, in afghanistan, cuba and many other places.
a listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers.
"we were all simply in shock," the mother stated.
although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations.
asus eee pc, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 taipei it month.
the giza plateau, or "giza necropolis" in the egyptian valley of the dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great sphinx.
perhaps the most common type of tourism is what most people associate with traveling: recreation tourism.
michael schumacher ended his race not long after alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race.
he joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
this not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design.
hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others.
the two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said.
they also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
the sun doesn't have a crust like the earth that you can stand on. the whole sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma.
first among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set.
local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water.
with two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the cold war began.
it has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices.
the main letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel.
when you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite.
in fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. once inside the cave, it is a total isolation.
its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
construction is ongoing for five new skyscrapers at the site, with a transportation center and memorial park in the middle.
the only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in.
for a long time during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, it was believed the first inhabitants of new zealand were the maori people, who hunted giant birds called moas.
goma is a tourist city of the democratic republic of congo in the extreme east near rwanda.
if you have watched the movie national treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the declaration of independence.
this is just as exhausting as if you were to wake up every twenty or thirty minutes and watch tv.
most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
construction is ongoing for five new skyscrapers at the site, with a transportation center and memorial park in the middle.
parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies.
while goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the north kivu province.
some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole.
the guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now eastern paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture.
the use of the internet and the world wide web allows learners to have access to information at all times.
ecuador requires that cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points.
an increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
in his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class.
we agree with the usoc's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification.
he graduated from the college of arts & sciences of the university of virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution.
space for the most popular areas, such as the bright angel campground adjacent to phantom ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations.
a change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the house of representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the senate monday.
scientists call this process "stimulated emission of radiation" because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation.
due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the old city area, jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in israel.
under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
the very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues.
also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
over 60 cruise ships ply the galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window.
several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year.
goats seem to have been first domesticated roughly 10,000 years ago in the zagros mountains of iran.
most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of mri.
the city will be the first in southeastern europe to host cowparade, the world's largest public art event, between june and august this year.
the sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas.
the correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
he did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on china's economic output.
ms is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve.
carrying for others - never let your bags out of your sight, especially when you are crossing international borders.
fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers inferred the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development that these other features.
the road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red audi tt.
while one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection.
ocelots like to eat small animals. they will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is.
wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, and needs a combination of good luck, patience, experience and good equipment.
the tibetan buddhism is based on the teachings of buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from indian yoga.
it also had no authority to override tax laws and tariffs between states.
it can be pulled into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. it can be hammered or rolled into sheets.
while authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the maryland transportaion authority made the closure with the urging of the fbi.
the war of spanish succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards.
roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases.
with two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the cold war began.
what is a cell? the word cell comes from the latin word "cella", meaning "small room", and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork.
the northern rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the uk government.
the capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky.
one can only wonder what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along.
however, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head.
schneider testified via videolink from a usaf base in his homeland.
the significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on march 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of metropolitan france and the united kingdom combined.
those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement.
popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and f1 motor racing.
the parade of buildings that make the hong kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of victoria harbour.
candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. in the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures.
in just two weeks the americans and free french forces had liberated southern france and were turning towards germany.
books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few.
he did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on china's economic output.
danius said, "right now we are doing nothing. i have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. for now, that is certainly enough."
the u.s. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up "prominent landmarks" in ethiopia and kenya.
the most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked.
one of the most prominent apps in this category is google translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data.
one bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. they also provide shade.
police superintendent chandra shekhar solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
it also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form.
the jas 39c gripen crashed onto a runway at around 9:30 am local time (0230 utc) and exploded, closing the airport to commercial flights.
the civilisation flourished in the basins of the indus river wherefore it derives its name.
in late 2015, toginet established astronet radio as a subsidiary station.
day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
as long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
if you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
the truck driver, who is aged 64, was not injured in the crash.
it warns no one can guarantee that any course of action in iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos.
entertainment news website tmz understands the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of sepulveda boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the california highway patrol police officer conducting the traffic stop to order him back across, twice.
doctors began to be recruited by emperor augustus and even formed the first roman medical corps for use in the aftermath of battles.
today, the only insects that cannot fold back their wings are dragon flies and mayflies.
make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits.
feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
the photographer was transported to ronald reagan ucla medical center, where he subsequently died.
a curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables.
hostels cater primarily to young people – a typical guest is in their twenties – but you can often find older travellers there too.
workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question.
while listening to individuals share their individual, family, and organizational stories, we gained valuable insight into the past and some of the personalities who influenced for good or ill the culture of the organization.
last month, there were major protests in poland when that country signed acta, which has led to the polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now.
wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. the environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile.
typical for norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau.
time has been studied by religious, philosophical, and scientific scholars for thousands of years.
italy's main goals were african countries. to capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the mediterranean sea and invade africa.
when the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
the greek historian strabo later noted the name, which is how we know today. the temple was destroyed on the same night that alexander the great was born.
as a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in.
this gives them a wider range of small places to hide from predators.
for a long time during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, it was believed the first inhabitants of new zealand were the maori people, who hunted giant birds called moas.
a study published on thursday in the journal science reported on formation of a new bird species on the ecuadorean galápagos islands.
england had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the danelaw.
they are listed on the unesco world heritage list.
each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources.
at home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them.
there were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route.
the report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the united states about the policy towards the middle east.
australia's mitchell gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing super-g. czech competitor oldrich jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting super-g.
maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport.
today, the only insects that cannot fold back their wings are dragon flies and mayflies.
typical for norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau.
apia is the capital of samoa. the town is on the island of upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
on october 7 an engine separated on takeoff, without injuries. russia briefly grounded il-76s after that accident.
latvia and slovakia have both delayed the process of joining acta.
there are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism.
keep in mind while planning that although southern africa is stable not all neighboring countries are.
just like the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, so does the milky way exert a force on the sagittarius galaxy.
these nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat.
for instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient roman ever tasted a turkey.
the correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
he arrived in the us with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from charles batchelor (his manager in his previous job) to thomas edison.
the case was prosecuted in virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider aol, the company who instigated the charges.
the gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the tonle sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
in the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the central booking facility without being formally charged.
beyond wednesday's event, carpanedo competed in two individual races at the championships.
elements and compounds can move from one state to another and not change.
the cities of harappa and mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system.
we don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal.
accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed.
it's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
"luckily nothing happened to me, but i saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out.
children with add have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation.
we call this process speciation, which just means the formation of new species. speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point.
in an ambush east of bardia, the british captured the italian tenth army's engineer-in-chief, general lastucci.
mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs.
fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°w.
the haitian institute for justice and democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the nepalese un peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to haiti.
“personal involvement” and “continuing relationships” were also identified as new motivation aspects by eighmey and mccord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites.
between 10:00-11:00 pm mdt, a fire was started by the inmates in the yard.
rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar.
children are placed in foster care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion.
on the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed.
argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
after seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during world war i, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future.
bachmann, who won the ames straw poll in august, decided to end her campaign.
students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting.
examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
during the 1980s he worked on shows such as taxi, cheers, and the tracy ullman show.
some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing.
internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. most of them operate independently.
some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. a round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay.
the war expenditures of u.s. imperialism in the conquest of the philippines were paid for by the filipino people themselves.
following the race, keselowski remains the drivers' championship leader with 2,250 points.
one of the most prominent apps in this category is google translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data.
backpacking by ski: this activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking.
in its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site toginet radio, a site focused on talk radio.
tours are cheaper for larger groups, so if you're by yourself or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six for a better per-person rate.
an additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding.
on wednesday, the united states' national basketball association (nba) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding covid-19.
the haitian institute for justice and democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the nepalese un peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to haiti.
as the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 new year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients.
children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior.
they also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
there are of course christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-christian spring and fertility ritual.
we can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree.
some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in whitehall.
at 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up.
the us navy also said they were investigating the incident.
the united states embassy located in nairobi, kenya has issued a warning that "extremists from somalia" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in kenya and ethiopia.
turkish airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 african countries as of 2014.
the precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on oahu, was described as "beneficial".
according to reports, an apartment on macbeth street exploded due to a gas leak.
generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from a to b.
an important industry for venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry.
because the bottom of the blade is slightly curved, as the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge which is in contact with the ice also curves.
a cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. the saddle had not yet been invented, so the assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses.
during his trip, iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions.
the traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and arthurian chivalry.
at the same time, the german navy, using mainly u-boats, was trying to stop this traffic.
after it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on march 20 at the east bay community law center for the victims of the housing scam.
police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
there was also another tribe on the chatham islands these were maori who migrated away from new zealand.
the first economic reforms were made under the leadership of deng xiaoping.
inland antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice.
the pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot.
sometimes the original trigging event is the sun warming the snow, sometimes some more snowfall, sometimes other natural events, often a human.
police said lo piccolo had the upper hand because he had been provenzano's right-hand man in palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
the twin otter had been trying to land at kokoda yesterday as airlines png flight cg4684, but had aborted once already.
after it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on march 20 at the east bay community law center for the victims of the housing scam.
a visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake.
they also said in a statement, "the crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship".
more traditional churches often hold an easter vigil on saturday night during the easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate christ's resurrection.
traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school.
some of the rocks, which are very rare on earth, are being sold from us$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold.
"we now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic," he added.
the couple had married in texas one year ago and came to buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
the attack put a huge strain on relations between india and pakistan.
chiao and sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters.
the director of public prosecutions, kier starmer qc, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both huhne and pryce.
a triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots.
local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding.
women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
he was greeted by singapore's deputy prime minister wong kan seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the singapore prime minister lee hsien loong.
the sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the "o" to read lowercase "e".
they usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise.
the war of spanish succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
following seabed mapping the wreck was found using an rov.
swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball.
virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group.
examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face.
a full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the amazon.
the plitvice lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of alpine and mediterranean vegetation.
as with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are fairly common and in most cases are distinctly annoying but not really dangerous.
hong kong island gives the territory of hong kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus.
the jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after us forces took over.
traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school.
authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
most boomerangs available in australia are in fact non-returning. it is best for beginners to not try throwing in windy
it is martelly's fifth cep in four years.
the internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have type 1 diabetes.
some german monks wanted to bring god closer to the native people, so they invented the estonian literal language.
every corner store is filled with a confusing array of pre-paid phone cards that can be used from pay phones or ordinary telephones.
the aircraft had been headed to irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
the town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay.
such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future.
protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the national congress in november.
the females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters.
as time passed, many words that were borrowed from german coalesced. this was the beginning of enlightenment.
this flight is not the only option if you want to skip the south pacific and the west coast of south america. (see below)
its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name hesperonychus which means "western claw."
however, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the minneapolis star-tribune that it was louis jourdain, 16-year old son of red lake tribal chairman floyd jourdain.
no major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock.
the nba's decision followed a utah jazz player testing positive for the covid-19 virus.
because calls are routed over the internet, you do not need to use a phone company located where you live or where you travel.
the sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail.
fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
no major damage or injuries have been reported in tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the ptwc.
as the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance.
moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
a listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers.
architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. the architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
a former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.'
both assassin-bugs and bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host.
virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
this can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you.
plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even "just one" specimen.
although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations.
turkey would also take over guarding captured isis fighters which, the statement said, european nations have refused to repatriate.
the native inhabitants of greenland call themselves inuit in canada and kalaalleq (plural kalaallit), a greenlander, in greenland.
widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on bishkek's streets.
general john cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the british garrison at bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements.
if you have watched the movie national treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the declaration of independence.
in the context of romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
people now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener.
with this arrangement in place, this freedom might end.
nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices.
subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife.
the sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another.
this type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable.
mrs. kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the argentine theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the senate as member of the buenos aires province delegation.
the tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words.
this is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes.
many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is alive today. we call them birds.
apple ceo steve jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iphone out of his jeans pocket.
besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the indian national flag, painted on all sides.
it was based on the german alphabet and one character "õ/õ" was added.
now for japan. japan was an island country, just like britain.
with armenian backing, a new republic was created. however, no established nation - not even armenia - officially recognizes it.
when the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
tokyo will be the only asian city to have hosted two summer olympics, having hosted the games in 1964.
in the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs.
the governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
a cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. the saddle had not yet been invented, so the assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses.
children with add have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation.
the luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
he even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
if the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
ecuador requires that cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points.
the original bill was drafted by former mayor of são paulo, marta suplicy. the proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of roberto jefferson.
the researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
also blogging "forces students to become more savvy about the world around them." the need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (toto, 2004).
a course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience.
followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences.
scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly.
the first cases of the disease this season were reported in late july.
he added that "they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."
boating is a national pastime in finland, with a boat to every seven or eight people.
every corner store is filled with a confusing array of pre-paid phone cards that can be used from pay phones or ordinary telephones.
they can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey.
the satellites, both of which weighed in excess of 1,000 pounds, and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the earth.
the capital of moldova is chişinău. the local language is romanian, but russian is widely used.
italy's national football, along with german national football team is the second most successful team in the world and were the fifa world cup champions in 2006.
student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas.
on the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed.
unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats.
all the ships were sunk, except for one british cruiser. nearly 200 american and german lives were lost.
in london, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices.
this flight is not the only option if you want to skip the south pacific and the west coast of south america. (see below)
the report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the executive towards iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
if you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
on september 24, 1759, arthur guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the st james' gate brewery in dublin, ireland.
accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed.
his teammate fernando alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel.
the term safari in popular use refers to overland travel to view the stunning african wildlife, particularly on savanna.
one of the main christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason.
turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of metropolitan france and the united kingdom combined.
a hangi meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains).
earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more.
barcelona's official languages are catalan and spanish. about a half prefer to speak catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows spanish.
the main assault force of 2,400 men would cross the river nine miles north of trenton, and then split into two groups, one under greene and one under sullivan, in order to launch a pre-dawn attack.
the religion was founded in the 15th century by guru nanak (1469–1539). there followed in succession a further nine gurus.
peter costello, australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed prime minister john howard as liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in australia.
within a few short years following the arrival of european explorers, the population of tainos had significantly been reduced by the spanish conquerors
the city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an arabic flair than of an african.
only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer.
at the time of the award, atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores.
the definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as north america than in europe.
casinos typically make many efforts to maximize time and money spent by guests. windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be hard to find.
most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers.
the case was prosecuted in virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider aol, the company who instigated the charges.
some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season.
during the summer, also watch out for the nordic mosquitoes. although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating.
voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip.
commons administrator adam cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to wikinews last month.
for one thing, northern new mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars.
i̇zmir is the third largest city in turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
blogs can also help improve student writing. while students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that.
scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground.
why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? one goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
it is possible to secure park permits directly from the ranger station in puerto jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards
bowen island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more.
on 15 august 1940, the allies invaded southern france, the invasion was called "operation dragoon".
it isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research.
with roots in barcelona's running tours barcelona and copenhagen's running copenhagen, it was quickly joined by running tours prague based in prague and others.
the only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in.
they are superior to web proxies for several reasons: they re-route all internet traffic, not only http.
while most of their food would be familiar to us, romans did have their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse
although wagonways merely consisted of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses pulling them to achieve greater speeds and pull larger loads than on the slightly more rough roads of the day.
hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others.
several bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness.
the mob of people forced the king and queen to have their carriage windows wide open.
the earliest known book in the world was written in sanskrit. after the compilation of upanishads, sanskrit just faded due to hierarchy.
most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
children are placed in foster care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion.
it was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from africa to asia, in afghanistan, cuba and many other places.
today, timbuktu is an impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport.
it is believed by some, including john grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series.
many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold.
while goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the north kivu province.
stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail.
also to the north visit the great sanctuary of our lady of fatima (shrine), a place of worldwide famous marian apparitions.
elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. of course, there are also metals like silver and gold.
in many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating "hello."
some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
"i was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart."
israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the pa agrees to leave such presence only for five years.
all citizens of vatican city are roman catholic.
check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into hebron and not just to the nearby jewish settlement of kiryat arba.
humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
vatican city uses italian in its legislation and official communications.
high winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
the chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the guaycurú and payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
to get the best views of hong kong, leave the island and head for the kowloon waterfront opposite.
tokyo will be the only asian city to have hosted two summer olympics, having hosted the games in 1964.
however, the percentage of xdr-tb in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in south africa.
all citizens of vatican city are roman catholic.
therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about persian grammar and understand phrases better.
the bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in september 2017, when the brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished.
the rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes never seen before.
caretaker prime minister julia gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed australia should become a republic at the end of queen elizabeth ii's reign.
the service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs.
giancarlo fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start.
surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
there may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. it was easier for lava to rise up to the surface.
pronunciation is relatively easy in italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
the varieties of french which are spoken in belgium and switzerland differ slightly from the french spoken in france, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible.
any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe.
the composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (ftir).
today's player of the day is alex ovechkin of the washington capitals.
there are many french wines to be had, but the new zealand and australian wines might travel better.
arias tested positive for a mild case of the virus, presidential minister rodrigo arias said.
the man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
no tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement.
barcelona's official languages are catalan and spanish. about a half prefer to speak catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows spanish.
this is because electricity flowing into the socket where the metallic part of bulb sits can give you a severe electric shock if you touch the inside of the socket or the metal base of the bulb while it is still partly in the socket.
the top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god.
under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
combined with its relative inaccessibility, "timbuktu" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands.
nadal's head to head record against the canadian is 7–2.
the algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish.
cancellation policies vary, but as of late march most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to july 2020, when the olympics had been scheduled.
these children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they "engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority" in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods.
the same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen.
the qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
in 1624,dutch east india company establishes a base in southwestern taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water.
followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences.
lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
the national congress of brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in rio grande do sul.
it seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more.
no one was inside the apartment.
he also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the roe decision depended upon.
minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
during the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation.
we perceive the foster care system to be a safety zone for these children.
the hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the united arab emirates.
stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to earth, breaking the previous record set in may of 1969 during the return of the apollo x command module.
he produced over 1,000 stamps for sweden and 28 other countries.
german submarines were called u-boats. the germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines.
many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
hershey and chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own dna into a bacterium.
south africa have defeated the all blacks (new zealand) in a rugby union tri nations match at the royal bafokeng stadium in rustenburg, south africa.
according to ansa, "police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession.
protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. the electrons have a negative electric charge.
both golf and rugby are set to return to the olympic games.
a car bomb detonated at police headquarters in gaziantep, turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
the building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage.
the lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night.
most televisions are made in a way to please the general public.
peter costello, australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed prime minister john howard as liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in australia.
ironing damp clothes can help them dry. many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room.
yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in central american countries. we treat you.
if you visit the arctic or antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon.
adekoya has since been in edinburgh sheriff court charged with murdering her son.
over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population.
hu encouraged developing countries "to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later."
it is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times.
unfortunately, when you make a dvd, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown.
for those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings.
he was reportedly aged in his 20s. in a statement, bieber said "[w]hile i was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim."
we will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house.
travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages.
entering southern africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes.
some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
when you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special.
the amazon is also the widest river on earth, at times six miles wide.
this type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures.
if you want to see the world on the cheap, for necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are some ways to do that.
since the foundation of asunción in 1537, paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity.
popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and f1 motor racing.
28-year-old vidal had joined barça three seasons ago, from sevilla.
one antibody cocktail, zmapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death.
natural factors can intersect to produce ideal conditions, allowing this algae to increase in number dramatically.
she came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
if you visit greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing.
kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities.
over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea.
it also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as t. rex would be no match for it.
as the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the united states or caribbean.
at least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
the pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids.
later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to afghanistan, landing in kandahar.
in the beginning of the war they mostly travelled on top of the sea, but as radar began developing and becoming more accurate the submarines were forced to go under water to avoid being seen.
tropical storm danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern atlantic ocean.
the new zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast mr reid was going because of how low black beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock mr reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h.
rspca new south wales chief inspector david o'shannessy told the abc that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in australia.
the crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
romanticism had a large element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as goethe, fichte, and schlegel.
airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly.
it allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 a.d. and lasted up until about 1100 a.d.
the number of people present was so large that it was not possible for everybody to gain access to the funeral in st. peter's square.
the much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image.
luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
if you have watched the movie national treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the declaration of independence.
while authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the maryland transportaion authority made the closure with the urging of the fbi.
thanks to undersea fiber optic cable links to europe and broadband satellite, greenland is well connected with 93% of the population having internet access.
heels should be low and wide. sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often scattered on roads or paths to improve traction.
the tibetan buddhism is based on the teachings of buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from indian yoga.
although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance.
since then, china's economic size has grown by 90 times.
there's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze.
the vote must still be ratified by the full ioc at it's october meeting in copenhagen.
these plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves.
nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing.
cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of japanese culture since the 8th century.
day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left.
a search of the internet for 'hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company.
his name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the uighur ethnic group.
for a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them.
for the springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak.
these scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent.
nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
she directed officers to her black oldsmobile intrigue which was 500 feet away.
he has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged.
edgar veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while kristoffer schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face.
as one example, american citizens in the middle east might face different situations from europeans or arabs.
people would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
yes! king tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as "king tut" or "the boy king", is one of the most well known ancient egyptian kings in modern times.
in particular, it is claimed that one can detect whether a person is lying by interpreting micro-expressions correctly.
they need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims.
since then, the brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals.
canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example).
the white sea–baltic canal connects the arctic ocean to the baltic sea, via lake onega, lake ladoga and saint petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes.
fourteen schools in hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers.
the commissioner said, "we haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on july 1, 2020".
while project based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes a step beyond.
italy's main goals were african countries. to capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the mediterranean sea and invade africa.
cuban citizens who are us green card holders should visit an ecuadorian consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement.
science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years.
during his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances.
still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings.
although chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the napoleonic wars that left spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the spanish was not achieved until 1818.
at the same time, the german navy, using mainly u-boats, was trying to stop this traffic.
at exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target.
however, most signs are indicated only in catalan because it is established by law as the first official language.
cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of japanese culture since the 8th century.
to finish, turkish dance group fire of anatolia performed the show "troy".
part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside.
in many other cities of italy and in the rest of the world, particularly in poland, similar setups were made, which were viewed by a great number of people.
while you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist.
at the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
he emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation.
roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases.
previously, ring's ceo, jamie siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage.
its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long.
perry stated that he would "return to texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the january 21 south carolina primary.
the angkor pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to tonle sap.
the famous greek lawyers, sakis kechagioglou and george nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the athens' jail of korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption.
however, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars.
research in ai involves making machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
they often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management.
make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
the easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website.
the two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide.
feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower.
members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot.
this is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education.
although in the end, krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he did give way to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular wladyslaw gomulka as the new prime minister.
i̇zmir is the third largest city in turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to albuquerque or santa fe.
despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties.
cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
while this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by disney: the tickets are non-transferable.
he was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
the steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
however, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding.
moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
though each country was 'scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of denmark, sweden, norway and iceland.
fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm.
also after the revolution occupations were open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
"the cctv would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."
this causes the skater to turn. if the skates tilt to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates tilt to the left, the skater turns left.
he received the "hero of the soviet union", the soviet union's highest honor, for his work.
in the 1480s, when its construction was begun by lord hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defense was only required against small bands of roving marauders.
there are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats.
the mumbai attackers arrived via boat on novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded chhatrapati shivaji terminus railway station and the famous taj mahal hotel.
his 1,000th stamp was the magnificent "great deeds by swedish kings" by david klöcker ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the guinness book of world records.
it can be pulled into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. it can be hammered or rolled into sheets.
komen's policy disqualified planned parenthood due to a pending investigation on how planned parenthood spends and reports its money that is being conducted by representative cliff stearns.
it is believed by some, including john grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series.
in the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent algeria to teach film directing.
its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported.
al gore and general tommy franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (gore's was when the onion reported he and tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 electoral college defeat).
car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, suv, sedan or station wagon with seats that lay down.
products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance.
the proposed amendment already passed both houses in 2011.
by september 17, 1939, the polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the romanian bridgehead.
filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
the number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in.
the fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
boomerang throwing is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire.
one of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window," said survivor franciszek kowal.
their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
scientists have suspected enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of saturn's icy e ring.
the gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the tonle sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what byzantine markets offered.
even traditionally, though, not all sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals.
french law was changed. his activism went back to age 15 when he joined the french resistance during world war ii.
hindi and urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other.
we know many greek politicians, scientists, and artists. possibly the most known person of this culture is homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of greek literature: the poems iliad and odyssey.
fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
all animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating.
most televisions are made in a way to please the general public.
while visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too.
greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly
nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife.
the portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name casa branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
there were also toilets in ancient egypt, persia and china. in roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company.
earlier the chinese news agency xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked.
for the springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak.
subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members.
ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the adt corporation.
many a stable, capable traveler has been overcome by the newness of developing world travel, where many little cultural adjustments can add up quickly.
he was subsequently relocated to addenbrooke's hospital in cambridge.
after all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team.
he was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the prime ministerial portraits on the front of the new canadian $5 and $100 bills.
the fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the egyptian museum in cairo.
in some federal countries, such as the united states and canada, income tax is levied both at the federal level and at the local level, so the rates and brackets can vary from region to region.
a former filipino policeman has kept hong kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in manila, the capital of the philippines.
siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a shark tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup.
volunteering while travelling is a great way to make a difference but it's not just about giving.
singer sanju sharma started the evening, followed by jai shankar choudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. singer, raju khandelwal was accompanying him.
pronunciation is relatively easy in italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
if an iron isn't available, or if you don't fancy wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if available.
there's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze.
germany code-named the attack “operation sealion”. most of the british army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak.
its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path.
the best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals.
you should choose your frequent flyer airline in an alliance carefully.
the thais invaded cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed phnom phen.
a former filipino policeman has kept hong kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in manila, the capital of the philippines.
a well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human.
as light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times.
a satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call.
they often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management.
many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare.
the report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings.
"some may not agree but i don't care.
everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems. almost everyone complains about transportation systems.
research has found that females are two times more likely to have ms then males.
if you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
this is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. however, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them.
on the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although british and united states currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method.
on march 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (eva), or "spacewalk", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes.
ottawa is canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase canada's past and present.
the storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from miami, florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph).
pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time, more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have straightforward locations.
as a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need.
this is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to earth.
in its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site toginet radio, a site focused on talk radio.
coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region.
the different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally.
several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of february and it was announced on tuesday.
shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as paro (nu 150) and punakha (nu 200).
interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists.
travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any travel plans.
a civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society.
the medical charity mangola, medecines sans frontieres and the world health organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country.
regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
the clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
it looks a bit daunting from below, and it is a steep and difficult ascent, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it in about 45 minutes.
gosling and stone received nominations for best actor and actress respectively.
the drukgyal dzong is a ruined fortress and buddhist monastery in the upper part of the paro district (in phondey village).
visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere.
he was greeted by singapore's deputy prime minister wong kan seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the singapore prime minister lee hsien loong.
with the same time zone as hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as "hawaii down under".
nhk also reported that the kashiwazaki kariwa nuclear power plant in niigata prefecture was operating normally.
following the process, hjr-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process.
fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters.
yet, spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
china's gdp could be larger than the united states within two decades.
there are also a few buses going north to hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs abraham, isaac, jacob, and their wives.
because of their success with submarines, after the war germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
today many sámi work in modern trades. tourism is an important income in sápmi, the sámi area.
after the accident occurred, gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards.
the ministry responded by calling apple's postponement of the report "truly regrettable."
there are many french wines to be had, but the new zealand and australian wines might travel better.
metroplus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in europe.
at its peak, tropical cyclone gonu, named for a bag of palm leaves in the language of the maldives, reached sustained winds of 240 kilometers an hour (149 miles per hour) .
chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is "frivolous" and "anybody can sue anybody."
money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in stanley across from the fic west store.
while understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization.
in one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
the photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. mendoza was gunned down.
karno is a well-known but controversial english tutor who taught under modern education and king's glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career.
time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events.
in fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. once inside the cave, it is a total isolation.
when all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service.
virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
sir richard branson's virgin group had a bid for the bank rejected prior to the bank’s nationalisation.
severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.
"thanks for those who supported a convict like me," siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference.
check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
the city of beijing in china will be the host city of the olympic winter games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter olympics.
piquet jr. crashed in the 2008 singapore grand prix just after an early pit stop for fernando alonso, bringing out the safety car.
potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game.
in the palm trial, zmapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it.
however, that is not true. although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
however, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head.
in one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
stewart, gordon, kenseth, and harvick round out the top-ten positions for the drivers' championship with four races remaining in the season.
the bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in september 2017, when the brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished.
if confirmed, the find completes allen's eight-year search for the musashi.
former u.s. speaker of the house newt gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
as long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. this method in fact guides most scientific research.
the area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species.
this authentic community is located in howe sound just off vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing granville island in downtown vancouver.
this causes the skater to turn. if the skates tilt to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates tilt to the left, the skater turns left.
money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in stanley across from the fic west store.
these websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting.
another famous greek is a mathematician pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles.
the tenth named storm of the atlantic hurricane season, subtropical storm jerry, formed in the atlantic ocean today.
the modern city of casablanca was founded by berber fishermen in the 10th century bce, and was used by the phoenicians, romans, and the merenids as a strategic port called anfa.
the aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2.
charles was the first member of the british royal family to be awarded a degree.
ironing damp clothes can help them dry. many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room.
safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in africa and the highlight for many visitors.
one of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the north atlantic campaign of wwii. the americans were trying to move men and materials across the atlantic ocean to help britain.
brazil is the largest roman catholic country on earth, and the roman catholic church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
the cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells.
more traditional churches often hold an easter vigil on saturday night during the easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate christ's resurrection.
there is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite internet connection in the wilds of chicken, alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny arizona.
scotturb bus 403 travels regularly to sintra, stopping at cabo da roca.
farther south is niagara falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the muskoka and beyond.
they begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become "tornadoes" when they touch the ground.
children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior.
however, new evidence suggests that the moriori were a group of mainland maori who migrated from new zealand to the chatham islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture.
in principle the tibetan buddhism is very simple. it consists of kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects.
this is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things.
a course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
accepted were aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology.
its frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has helped make the city and its landmarks known throughout the world.
severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.
mr costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, australia should pursue its use.
most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers.
authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
all these things and more highlight ontario as what is considered quintessentially canadian by outsiders.
the fatalities were nicholas alden, 25, and zachary cuddeback, 21. cuddeback had been the driver.
some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging.
but there are a lot of things about birds that still look like a dinosaur.
they have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two back legs like a t-rex.
another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower.
this is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. however, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them.
an official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
however, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars.
modern education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief english tutor.
"we were all simply in shock," the mother stated.
these plateaus are often referred to as "vidde" meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse.
a population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area.
while most cards are good for calling anywhere, some specialise in providing favourable call rates to specific groups of countries.
in 1624,dutch east india company establishes a base in southwestern taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
rolando mendoza fired his m16 rifle at the tourists.
the comments, live on television, were the first time that senior iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect.
the french revolution also inspired many other repressed working class people of other country's to began their own revolutions.
the word civilization comes from the latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society.
jonny reid, co-driver for the a1gp new zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old auckland harbour bridge, new zealand, legally.
the ministry responded by calling apple's postponement of the report "truly regrettable."
it is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots.
this makes inexpensive zoom lenses hard to use in low-light conditions without a flash.
minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves.
the number of users of the yahoo! and microsoft services combined will rival the number of aol's customers.
humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves.
one of strong points of charlotte, north carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families.
massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name hesperonychus which means "western claw."
the report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the united states about the policy towards the middle east.
with kundalini yoga the kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
there are varying estimates for how many people speak hindi. it is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
according to reports, an apartment on macbeth street exploded due to a gas leak.
when asked what the father said, she answered "he couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."
for a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
gridley or stark placed a stake about 100 feet (30 m) in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the regulars passed it.
these can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water.
this behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team.
in addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts.
it is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots.
animals are made of many cells. they eat things and digest them inside. most animals can move.
this sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats.
there are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of "going to disney world".
every train has both metroplus and metro coaches; the metroplus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest cape town.
also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body.
helicopters rescued the twelve crewmembers and the only injury was a broken nose.
these hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and often had fine dining and nightlife.
a couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter.
of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards.
this is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education.
crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top.
if traveling with a laptop or tablet, store a copy in its memory or disc (accessible without the internet).
most of the life of the hebrew family happened in the open air.
piquet jr. was sacked after the 2009 hungarian grand prix.
drink alcoholic drinks with moderation. alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your limit is very important.
we can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree.
among these abilities, understanding the intention of others is crucial. it allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions.
the human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges.
yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in central american countries. we treat you.
the band's management company, hk management inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on september 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day.
stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the colonist's position.
according to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!
saint petersburg cruises include time in town. cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms).
it has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
it now functions as the central plaza, and always has a lot of things going on, day and night.
once the ancient city of smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains.
shortly after, the atlanta journal-constitution published a report showing problems with test results.
he has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the games.
for a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
volunteering while travelling is a great way to make a difference but it's not just about giving.
curtis cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the university of central missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on january 25.
unfortunately, when you make a dvd, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown.
authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest.
you may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
after it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on march 20 at the east bay community law center for the victims of the housing scam.
at exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target.
the storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the cape verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say.
tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes.
scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project.
a couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby.
a satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call.
despite his comments he said he will be supporting the british competitors at the 2012 olympics being held in london.
yes! king tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as "king tut" or "the boy king", is one of the most well known ancient egyptian kings in modern times.
although three people were inside the house when the car impacted it, none of them were hurt.
arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. about 1000 b.c., the assyrians introduced the first cavalry.
this is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
a curry can be either "dry" or "wet" depending on the amount of liquid.
the governor also stated, "today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
first among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
the work done was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the sagittarius galaxy.
in berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors.
although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream.
eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. in 1767, the first full-iron rails were introduced.
although winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back.
think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
the internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
had the allies failed, germany probably would have been able to conquer britain as it had the rest of europe.
historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
21-year-old jesus joined manchester city last year in january 2017 from brazilian club palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million.
it also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as t. rex would be no match for it.
in its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site toginet radio, a site focused on talk radio.
curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the pennsylvania wilds.
an avenger class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was on its way to puerto princesa in palawan.
he died in osaka on tuesday.
do not sleep on a mattress or pad on the ground in areas where you do not know the local fauna.
europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times.
sleep interruption is the process of purposefully awakening during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a short time later (10–60 minutes).
the ancient city in the judean hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years.
new kingdom ancient egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old.
the center of tibetan meditation is the deity yoga. through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created.
also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body.
historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
he recently lost against raonic in the brisbane open.
singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after arriving.
water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide.
they were compelled to pay taxes to the u.s. colonial regime to defray a major part of the expenditures and the interest on bonds floated in the name of the philippine government through the wall street banking houses.
the comments, live on television, were the first time that senior iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect.
pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week.
in this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church.
a search of the internet for 'hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company.
this offers a good opportunity to see the aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock.
this theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is located around a galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made of lots of small particles.
when all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire.
those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement.
an inquiry was established to investigate.
soon after the outbreak of hostilities, britain initiated a naval blockade of germany.
many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in christian countries and non-christians around the world.
according to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges.
he documented himself in a 1998 book.
inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around.
the views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
danielle lantagne, a un expert on the disease, stated the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeepers.
un peacekeepers, whom arrived in haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for the spread of the disease which started near the troop's encampment.
most districts are served by small japanese coaster buses, which are comfortable and sturdy.
it can usually be replenished fairly easily if you run out, and gives resolution roughly comparable to a current dslr.
jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants.
this is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production.
the temple of artemis at ephesus was destroyed on july 21, 356 bce in an act of arson committed by herostratus.
there are no particular "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year.
the artistic event is also part of a campaign by the bucharest city hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis.
cell comes from the latin word cella which means small room.
this is the place the british colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
"panama papers" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from panamanian law firm mossack fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016.
these requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries.
had the allies failed, germany probably would have been able to conquer britain as it had the rest of europe.
it is assigned to the u.s. navy’s seventh fleet and based in sasebo, nagasaki in japan.
it uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
in the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht.
the typhoon is estimated to be moving toward china at eleven kph.
all nouns, alongside the word sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
the actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning.
take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window.
"luckily nothing happened to me, but i saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out.
karno is a well-known but controversial english tutor who taught under modern education and king's glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career.
examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face.
greenland was settled sparsely. in the norse sagas they say that erik the red was exiled from iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found greenland and named it greenland.
while one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection.
although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance.
surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds.
check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into hebron and not just to the nearby jewish settlement of kiryat arba.
however, that is not true. although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
it is nearly impossible to exchange falklands currency outside of the islands, so exchange money prior to leaving the islands.
in 1884, tesla moved to the united states of america to accept a job with the edison company in new york city.
living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even gain new skills.
as the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance.
basically you'll be putting up notices offering your help, pacing the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make contact with sailors in the bar, etc.
around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank.
cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what byzantine markets offered.
tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. the most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours.
next, some saddles, particularly english saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider.
in the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs.
scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project.
they do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a "photon".
the articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended and states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
bipedal specializations are found in australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
however, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 year.
you could find yourself being used as a drug carrier without your knowledge, which will land you in a great deal of trouble.
however, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle.
since then, the brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals.
germany was a common enemy in world war 2, leading to cooperation between the ussr and usa. with the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out.
there are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler.
2004 olympic silver medallist amir khan said, "deep down i think women shouldn’t fight. that’s my opinion."
hangeul is the only purposely invented alphabet in popular daily use. the alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of king sejong (1418 – 1450).
this includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice.
when you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite.
virtual scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, prompt, and explain procedures that may have been to challenging for the student to handle alone.
the accused are named as baba kanjar, bhutha kanjar, rampro kanjar, gaza kanjar and vishnu kanjar.
we don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal.
in the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
high winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in whitehall.
for example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era.
the game publisher konami stated today in a japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game six days in fallujah.
each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories.
apple ceo steve jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iphone out of his jeans pocket.
in an ambush east of bardia, the british captured the italian tenth army's engineer-in-chief, general lastucci.
it is one of the main attractions of south africa and it is considered the flagship of south african national parks (sanparks).
the chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking.
japan's ministry of economy, trade and industry (meti) said that it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the devices.
king sejong was the fourth king of the joseon dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded.
only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer.
the archipelago lies 120 km north of the peninsula. the largest is king george island with the settlement of villa las estrellas.
the believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties.
learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.)
add affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different.
entering southern africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes.
despite there being no tsunami threat, residents started to panic and began to leave their businesses and homes.
the hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
the schengen zone, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect.
they looked like rooms. he was the first person to observe dead cells
there are also a few buses going north to hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs abraham, isaac, jacob, and their wives.
the unmanned lunar orbiter chandrayaan-1 ejected its moon impact probe (mip), which hurtled across the surface of the moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the moon's south pole.
it is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean.
rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar.
despite these accusations, ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the chinese mainland.
first, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole.
ocelots like to eat small animals. they will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is.
golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls into holes.
many people don't think about them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
on the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although british and united states currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method.
this new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before.
piquet jr. crashed in the 2008 singapore grand prix just after an early pit stop for fernando alonso, bringing out the safety car.
another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower.
the two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide.
throughout 1960s, brzezinski worked for john f. kennedy as his advisor and then the lyndon b. johnson administration.
a satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call.
the band's management company, hk management inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on september 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day.
plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even "just one" specimen.
the result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
the composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (ftir).
he recently lost against raonic in the brisbane open.
the island was first inhabited by the taínos and caribes. the caribes were an arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 bce.
the 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load.
ottawa is canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase canada's past and present.
mrs. kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the argentine theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the senate as member of the buenos aires province delegation.
it is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity.
the hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear.
as mentioned above, though the word "eskimo" remains acceptable in the united states, it is considered pejorative by many non-u.s. arctic peoples, especially in canada.
it can usually be replenished fairly easily if you run out, and gives resolution roughly comparable to a current dslr.
these nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat.
a few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist makis triantafylopoulos in his popular television show "zoungla" in alpha tv, the member of parliament and lawyer, petros mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption.
due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there.
asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others.
for example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car.
he was initially hospitalised in the james paget hospital in great yarmouth.
the broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of mediterranean europe than traditional turkey.
many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases.
already reporting in english and japanese, the global organization is launching spanish, italian, and korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices.
others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own.
congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the fbi must devote 10 agents to adult pornography.
the scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up.
the satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly.
virtual scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, prompt, and explain procedures that may have been to challenging for the student to handle alone.
local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding.
soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas.
already reporting in english and japanese, the global organization is launching spanish, italian, and korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices.
over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population.
booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination.
with this arrangement in place, this freedom might end.
in developed countries you seldom hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or bridges falling down.
the speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than that of its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600mbit/s.
the strain of bird flu lethal to humans, h5n1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on monday, in marshland near lyon in the east of france.
mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs.
"they are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night.
the concept was that all european nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance.
pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections.
alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table.
travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent.
the commissioner said, "we haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on july 1, 2020".
it is assigned to the u.s. navy’s seventh fleet and based in sasebo, nagasaki in japan.
perry specifically said, "there are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."
according to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges.
the moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as daru l-badya and it was given the name casablanca by spanish traders who established trading bases there.
water is another example. the compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. in some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities.
according to the lawsuit, waste from the un camp was not properly sanitized, causing bacteria to enter the tributary of the artibonite river, one of haiti's largest.
unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti.
widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on bishkek's streets.
most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season).
candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. in the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures.
the pbs show has more than two-dozen emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than sesame street and mister rogers' neighborhood.
the presence of a true “invisible team” (larson and lafasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team.
former massachusetts governor mitt romney won the florida republican party presidential primary election on tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
the walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed.
of course, the superprofits derived from the protracted exploitation of the filipino people would constitute the basic gains of u.s. imperialism.
typical for the period, kirby muxloe castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle.
the major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood.
surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds.
callejon del beso (alley of the kiss). two balconies separated by only 69 centimeters is home of an old love legend.
lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time.
similarly, by having a schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to each of the schengen member countries separately, hence saving time, money and paperwork.
luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both world war i and world war ii by germany.
the satellite was sent into space by a rocket. scientists use telescopes in space because the earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view.
the island was first inhabited by the taínos and caribes. the caribes were an arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 bce.
the east african islands are in the indian ocean off the eastern coast of africa.
they are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees.
sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples.
the report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the executive towards iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
a hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit.
in this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals.
dr. lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in turkey have now become infected with the a(h5n1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill.
it has the same molecular structure whether it is a gas, liquid, or solid.
many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant.
sophocles and aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
if you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls.
animals are made of many cells. they eat things and digest them inside. most animals can move.
on october 7 an engine separated on takeoff, without injuries. russia briefly grounded il-76s after that accident.
deputy inspector general d k arya said, "we have arrested five persons who raped the swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop".
vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes.
this type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures.
for that, they had to get rid of british bases and ships in egypt. besides those actions, italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else.
a formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
it is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court.
they are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees.
infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests.
the very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues.
the central authority of the church had been in rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
in the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs.
nhk also reported that the kashiwazaki kariwa nuclear power plant in niigata prefecture was operating normally.
at the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own.
the use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds.
all animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating.
the final match of the series will take place at ellis park in johannesburg next week, when the springboks play australia.
these theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things.
at 1:15 a.m. saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it.
canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example).
if you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate.
insects were the first animals to take to the air. their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
in its most recent monthly report, opec said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day.
red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism.
according to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. there was some definite tsunami activity recorded near pago pago and niue.
some german monks wanted to bring god closer to the native people, so they invented the estonian literal language.
nasa's shuttle program chief n. wayne hale jr. said the foam had fallen "after the time we are concerned about."
mrs. kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the argentine theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the senate as member of the buenos aires province delegation.
as one example, american citizens in the middle east might face different situations from europeans or arabs.
after all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team.
in the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in north america, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking.
the amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit.
the willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (x) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies.
the modern sport of fencing is played at many levels, from students learning at a university to professional and olympic competition.
for that, they had to get rid of british bases and ships in egypt. besides those actions, italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else.
booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination.
fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to luna.
two songs from the movie, audition (the fools who dream) and city of stars, received nominations for best original song. lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
the satellites, both of which weighed in excess of 1,000 pounds, and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the earth.
that didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
if you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning.
an up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive.
a simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the pa amb oli: bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc.
most of the items buried with tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones.
around 60 cases of malfunctioning ipods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of africa.
saltwater crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from rockhampton.
it can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary.
we have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and i think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."
although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream.
advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
he had 2 goals and 2 assists in washington's 5-3 win over the atlanta thrashers.
four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of mri.
they are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the earth will be affected.
barcelona's official languages are catalan and spanish. about a half prefer to speak catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows spanish.
in france, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope.
the patient had been to nigeria, where some cases of the ebola virus have occurred.
books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few.
hsieh implied during the election that ma might flee the country during a time of crisis.
at the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the byzantine culture in the east.
with the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
tomb of tutankhamun (kv62). kv62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the valley, the scene of howard carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king.
this seems sensible, because the earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?
saint petersburg cruises include time in town. cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms).
"if it becomes commercial, we should have it. that is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy" mr costello said.
searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-september 11, 2001 era.
however, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers from the soviet's union red army entered and created the belarussian and ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of poland in violation of the riga peace treaty, the soviet-polish non-aggression pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral.
it is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive.
in 1994, the ethnically armenian nagorno-karabakh region of azerbaijan waged war against the azeris.
travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions.
the surface of the moon is made of rocks and dust. the outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the pole, which has a large base.
despite these accusations, ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the chinese mainland.
plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. they also provide shade.
spokesman for medecines sans frontiere richard veerman said: "angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in angola," he said.
in 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed transnistria republic in eastern moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any un member country.
many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
the 30-year-old husband, who was born in buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt.
while you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist.
tenants at lockwood gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that oha police are also investigating other public housing properties in oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam.
the winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says.
two songs from the movie, audition (the fools who dream) and city of stars, received nominations for best original song. lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
keep in mind while planning that although southern africa is stable not all neighboring countries are.
with roots in barcelona's running tours barcelona and copenhagen's running copenhagen, it was quickly joined by running tours prague based in prague and others.
there are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, jews and non-jews alike.
during the revolutionary war, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government—with the congress being its only component—under the articles of confederation.
tourist visits are costly, demand physical fitness, can only take place in summer nov-feb, and are largely limited to the peninsula, islands and ross sea.
you can mark the passing of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclical event. a cyclical event is something that happens again and again regularly.
sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern indian languages, just like latin is the source for european languages like french and spanish.
since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
around the old medina it's easy to find places selling traditional moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists.
no child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do.
"it's going to behave like water. it's transparent just the way water is.
each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories.
the fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
there are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats.
i don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from central america came into this country duty-free.
siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a shark tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup.
the easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website.
check with the institution, as well as the immigration department for the country you wish to study in for detailed requirements.
if a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. to minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken.
a couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby.
alexander, as king, offered to pay to rebuild the temple, but his offer was denied. later, after alexander died, the temple was rebuilt in 323 bce.
final results from namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, hifikepunye pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin.
he did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on china's economic output.
virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers.
prime minister stephen harper has agreed to send the government's 'clean air act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after tuesday's 25 minute meeting with ndp leader jack layton at the pmo.
in the warm climate of the middle east, the house was not so important.
the two sides would meet in the major semi final where noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
the blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. the two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted.
kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities.
in particular, it is claimed that one can detect whether a person is lying by interpreting micro-expressions correctly.
on the other hand, it is precisely because the volume of water is so high that your viewing of the actual falls will be obscured—by all the water!
the sun doesn't have a crust like the earth that you can stand on. the whole sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma.
these bosses had been reined in by provenzano when he put an end to the riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of mafia crusaders giovanni falcone and paolo borsellino in 1992."
the white sea–baltic canal connects the arctic ocean to the baltic sea, via lake onega, lake ladoga and saint petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes.
when you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt.
by early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening.
"panama papers" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from panamanian law firm mossack fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016.
when a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before.
for example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads.
turkish diva sezen aksu performed with the italian tenor alessandro safina and greek singer haris alexiou.
apple ceo steve jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iphone out of his jeans pocket.
animals are found all over the earth. they dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky.
city-states are the precursors of nations. a civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination.
these can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water.
this is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
the mountains of the peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the ellsworth mountains, bisected by the minnesota glacier.
liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived washington insiders.
i don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from central america came into this country duty-free.
but is our imagination based on reality? why were castles built in the first place? how were they designed and built?
at 1:15 a.m. saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it.
other biorhythm-based options involve drinking lots of fluid (particularly water or tea, a known diuretic) prior to sleep, forcing one to get up to urinate.
to better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) velocity.
the glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. this will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges.
felicia, once a category 4 storm on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating tuesday.
around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank.
in 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank northern rock plc was split from the ‘bad bank’, northern rock (asset management).
the advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain.
the city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an arabic flair than of an african.
it is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
the “invisible team” is the management team to which each of the members report. the invisible team sets the standards for each member.
ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie nicklas backstrom;
the researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
the other nominations include best picture, director, cinematography, costume design, film-editing, original score, production design, sound editing, sound mixing and original screenplay.
an infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites.
luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both world war i and world war ii by germany.
however, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
in his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class.
the original bill was drafted by former mayor of são paulo, marta suplicy. the proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of roberto jefferson.
germany was a common enemy in world war 2, leading to cooperation between the ussr and usa. with the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out.
to finish, turkish dance group fire of anatolia performed the show "troy".
the death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise.
the setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool.
protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. the electrons have a negative electric charge.
if the objective of one’s visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism.
at the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe australia should never become a republic.
the sundarbans has been declared a unesco world heritage site. the part of the forest within indian territory is called sundarbans national park.
hokuriku electric power co. reported no effects from the earthquake and that the number 1 and 2 reactors at its shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
he emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation.
willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable.
professor pamela ferguson of the university of dundee notes "journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."
typically there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs.
usually you always here the sound of tourists and vendors. the story of the sound and light is just like a story book.
the main amazon river is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). it collects water from thousands of smaller rivers.
so many of us find ourselves watching a television show that informs us of a process or experience in which we will never participate or apply that knowledge.
the sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another.
when asked for comment, miller said, "mike talks a lot during the hearing...i was getting ready so i wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
the documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of us dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
fewer than a thousand cases have ever been reported in humans, but some of them have been fatal.
submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time.
during blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time.
in an interview, he said the new variant was "very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."
convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution.
to understand the templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order.
people have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
on wednesday, the united states' national basketball association (nba) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding covid-19.
the celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group cirque du soleil.
leonov, also known as "cosmonaut no. 11", was part of the soviet union's original team of cosmonauts.
downhill skiing as a sport goes back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by norwegians in australia.
think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
everyone can achieve enlightenment. the only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
the capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from san francisco to los angeles in one minute.
periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
in 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands.
the il-76 has been a major component of both the russian and soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in russia last month.
members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot.
though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development.
although in the end, krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he did give way to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular wladyslaw gomulka as the new prime minister.
i am happy that there are people willing to support me.
he also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the roe decision depended upon.
most of the temples do have an annual festival starting from november end to mid of may, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar.
the distinct characteristics of the internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach.
the main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between rem states.
a simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the pa amb oli: bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc.
if traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock.
he recently lost against raonic in the brisbane open.
the disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses.
victoria falls is a town in the western portion of zimbabwe, across the border from livingstone, zambia, and near botswana.
cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as "the building blocks of life".
seven points behind, johnson is second with 2,243.
besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the indian national flag, painted on all sides.
some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
needless to say, if you know a romance language, it will be easier for you to learn portuguese.
money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in stanley across from the fic west store.
this theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events.
but there are a lot of things about birds that still look like a dinosaur.
the accused are named as baba kanjar, bhutha kanjar, rampro kanjar, gaza kanjar and vishnu kanjar.
learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.)
a course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience.
enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it.
buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food.
farther south is niagara falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the muskoka and beyond.
this is called a chemical's ph. you can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
the researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
this is called a chemical's ph. you can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events.
victoria falls is a town in the western portion of zimbabwe, across the border from livingstone, zambia, and near botswana.
also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses.
for example, each year students from bennet school in north carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
there were no large forests in the land of canaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
however, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and "legal" walls. graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags.
when the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because driver behavior cannot be predicted with one-hundred percent certainty.
luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
in the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the central booking facility without being formally charged.
the main amazon river is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). it collects water from thousands of smaller rivers.
travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent.
there is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild.
feel free to pencil in your own marks, but remember the printed bowing marks are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected.
maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport.
they became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding.
three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out.
many entire nations are completely fluent in english, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people.
this page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling.
if using a drone, check well in advance as to what you are allowed to film and what permits or additional licensing are required.
the kruger national park (knp) lies in the north-east of south africa and runs along the border of mozambique in the east, zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the crocodile river.
the pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids.
if the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
uka's weapon failed whilst pointed at a fifth man's head. schneider has ongoing pain, blindness in one eye, a missing section of skull and a face rebuilt from titanium.
they generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves.
the u.n. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts.
according to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. the ephesians, outraged, announced that herostratus' name never be recorded.
the fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the egyptian museum in cairo.
sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the latin language spoken in europe.
the hot chocolate is up to belgian standards. fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
sometimes the same flight can have vastly differing prices at various agregators and it pays to compare search results and to also look at the website of the airline itself before booking.
the park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife.
one can only wonder what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along.
the rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes never seen before.
the great pyramid was created to honor the pharaoh khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor khufu's wives and family members.
the mapuche were also one of the last independent american indigenous groups, that were not fully absorbed into spanish-speaking rule until after chile's independence.
there is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
even traditionally, though, not all sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals.
the babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god.
if they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs.
the valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
there are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler.
after the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of bhutan's most sensational attractions.
according to ansa, "police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession.
most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple.
this sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats.
music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together.
gold may be worked into all sorts of shapes. it can be rolled into tiny shapes.
the hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others.
due to the cluster/group of islands japan has, japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an "archipelago"
getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity.
there were also toilets in ancient egypt, persia and china. in roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company.
why do transportation systems engender such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? are transportation engineers just incompetent? or is something more fundamental going on?
when low tide opened a gap along the mystic river along the northeast of the peninsula, they quickly extended the fence with a short stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach.
it also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as t. rex would be no match for it.
in addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp.
infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves.
wagonways were built in england as early as the 16th century.
humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves.
regular announcements in the metro are made only in catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including spanish, english, french, arabic and japanese.
if a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. to minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken.
"panama papers" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from panamanian law firm mossack fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016.
250 years later, guinness has grown to a global business that turns over 10 billion euros (us$14.7 billion) every year.
the feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. the researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
today's player of the day is alex ovechkin of the washington capitals.
however, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle.
he would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into.
if just taking a photo of something isn't allowed, then you shouldn't even think of recording a video of it.
the olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the commonwealth games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt.
the governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
christmas is one of the most important holidays of christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of jesus.
they did two experiments marking either the dna in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur.
the judge told blake it was "almost inevitable" he was going to be sent to jail.
"it is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible", said a government spokesperson.
it is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive.
with the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, dr. moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers.
the moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as daru l-badya and it was given the name casablanca by spanish traders who established trading bases there.
the band's management company, hk management inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on september 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day.
there's a tradition to pass the easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise.
all i say to people is you treat us the way we treat you.
elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. of course, there are also metals like silver and gold.
britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, causing danger to even neutral ships.
although in theory they can take place annually (so long as they are in different countries), in practice they are not.
some cruises feature berlin, germany in the brochures. as you can see from the map above berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
the translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong.
french electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
the disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos.
in inland regions of northern india and pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in southern india and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
the world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers.
madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife.
italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state while latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
at thursday's keynote presentation of the tokyo game show, nintendo president satoru iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new nintendo revolution console.
an immigration checkpoint is usually the first stop when disembarking from a plane, a ship, or another vehicle.
large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
dr. lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in turkey have now become infected with the a(h5n1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill.
regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
let's start with an explanation about italy's plans. italy was mainly the "little brother" of germany and japan.
high-end brand-name frames available in such areas may have two problems; some may be knock-offs, and the real imported ones may be more expensive than at home.
professor pamela ferguson of the university of dundee notes "journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."
his research showed that if a hormone was administered it would speed up the baby's foetal lung maturation.
in this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals.
the earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of butte.
if you don't have a data connection for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable.
this offers a good opportunity to see the aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock.
scaffolds can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold but so is the little paperclip man in microsoft office.
a change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the house of representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the senate monday.
the nba's decision followed a utah jazz player testing positive for the covid-19 virus.
the presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
tourists may visit different landmarks of a particular country or they may simply opt to focus on just one area.
biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues.
the harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from germany, the us, and britain refused to leave the harbor.
the documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of us dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
their predecessors, the australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually.
the result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
the national hurricane center (nhc) says that at this point jerry poses no threat to land.
she gained critical acclaim during her time in atlanta and was recognized for innovative urban education.
the northern marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation.
in berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors.
women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
they are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the earth will be affected.
using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans.
the number of users of the yahoo! and microsoft services combined will rival the number of aol's customers.
some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known.
pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections.
remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night.
several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of february and it was announced on tuesday.
nothing can be seen other than the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave.
the protest started around 11:00 local time (utc+1) on whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to downing street, the prime minister's official residence.
since the arrival of man to the galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs.
last month, there were major protests in poland when that country signed acta, which has led to the polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now.
technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class.
couchsurfing was founded in january 2004 after computer programmer casey fenton found a cheap flight to iceland but did not have a place to stay.
lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, hiv and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries.
built by the egyptians in the third century bce, the great pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead pharaoh.
the united states geological survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in iceland in the week prior.
she said, "there is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events.
then, lakkha singh took the lead in singing the bhajans.
at one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at versailles in front of the terrified queen.
these theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern indian languages, just like latin is the source for european languages like french and spanish.
it has a notably wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, differing soils and varying levels of altitude.
the great pyramid at giza is the only one of the seven wonders that is still standing today.
it warns no one can guarantee that any course of action in iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos.
the fatalities were nicholas alden, 25, and zachary cuddeback, 21. cuddeback had been the driver.
one of strong points of charlotte, north carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families.
lakkha singh presented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. singer, raju khandelwal was accompanying him.
this is when people go to a place that is very different from their regular day-to-day life to relax and have fun.
handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
it was developed by john smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills.
accompanied by those officials, he assured texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety.
mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character.
the patient had been to nigeria, where some cases of the ebola virus have occurred.
it has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices.
the balance of power was a system in which european nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all european states.
suspected cases of h5n1 in croatia and denmark remain unconfirmed.
she is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published.
in late 2015, toginet established astronet radio as a subsidiary station.
her first was the slalom, where she earned a did not finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
it is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
the whole district is designated as a unesco world heritage site for its unique cultural and historical value, and its property values are among the highest of the country.
british newspaper the guardian suggested deutsche bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, hiv and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries.
the iraq study group presented its report at 12.00 gmt today.
the company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where skype holds a strong position, such as china, eastern europe, and brazil.
with the battle for france over, germany began to get ready to invade the island of britain.
the sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas.
sort of like rolling a heavy cart up a hill. splitting the nucleus up again then releases some of that energy.
the national congress of brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in rio grande do sul.
in 1957 luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the european union.
comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
after seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during world war i, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future.
during the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, china has developed a market economy.
while on his warm-up lap, lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer xavier zayat.
built by the egyptians in the third century bce, the great pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead pharaoh.
plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. they also provide shade.
air accidents are common in iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations.
others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own.
during the struggle for independence organised by the mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of the paramount chief tupua tamasese lealofi iii.
this contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution.
these couples may choose to make an adoption plan for their baby.
no matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack.
the northern marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation.
try to talk to as many people as possible. after a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone.
police said lo piccolo had the upper hand because he had been provenzano's right-hand man in palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
the medical charity mangola, medecines sans frontieres and the world health organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country.
please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population.
the city of beijing in china will be the host city of the olympic winter games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter olympics.
economic links have been re-established between these two parts of moldova despite the failure in political negotiations.
pre-modern observatories are usually obsolete today, and remain as museums, or sites of education.
moose (also known as elk) aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat.
naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the bible in latin.
for the first time, last year china exported more cars than germany and surpassed the united states as the biggest market for this industry.
the tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the indian summer.
many of their writers have gone on to wield great influence on jon stewart and stephen colbert's news parody shows.
around the old medina it's easy to find places selling traditional moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists.
resting on the top of one of the mountains north of mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
it isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research.
technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class.
most districts are served by small japanese coaster buses, which are comfortable and sturdy.
unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats.
technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class.
while assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization.
last month a presidential commission recommended the prior cep's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words.
the use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds.
for news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check asociacion argentina de polo.
